b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is showing careful forethought. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to cautious.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is showing careful forethought. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to cautious.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were throchoricking. The verb to throchoric means to move fast. The meaning of throchoric is similar to race.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were throchoricking. The verb to throchoric means to move fast. The meaning of throchoric is similar to race.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too tatembile. The meaning of tatembile is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of tatembile is similar to big.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too tatembile. The meaning of tatembile is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of tatembile is similar to big.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too tatembile. The meaning of tatembile is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of tatembile is similar to small.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too tatembile. The meaning of tatembile is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of tatembile is similar to small.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had pronplogracy experienced childhood abuse. The word pronplogracy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to never.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had pronplogracy experienced childhood abuse. The word pronplogracy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to never.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had pronplogracy experienced childhood abuse. The word pronplogracy means many times at short intervals. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to frequently.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had pronplogracy experienced childhood abuse. The word pronplogracy means many times at short intervals. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to frequently.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to cheap.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to cheap.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to expensive.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to expensive.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is lamatimid. The meaning of lamatimid is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of lamatimid is similar to thin.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is lamatimid. The meaning of lamatimid is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of lamatimid is similar to thin.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is lamatimid. The meaning of lamatimid is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of lamatimid is similar to wide.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is lamatimid. The meaning of lamatimid is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of lamatimid is similar to wide.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a nerotung supply of what he wanted. The meaning of nerotung is small in range or scope. The meaning of nerotung is similar to limited.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a nerotung supply of what he wanted. The meaning of nerotung is small in range or scope. The meaning of nerotung is similar to limited.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a nerotung supply of what he wanted. The meaning of nerotung is fairly large. The meaning of nerotung is similar to substantial.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a nerotung supply of what he wanted. The meaning of nerotung is fairly large. The meaning of nerotung is similar to substantial.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too aculatard. The meaning of aculatard is very small. The meaning of aculatard is similar to tiny.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too aculatard. The meaning of aculatard is very small. The meaning of aculatard is similar to tiny.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too aculatard. The meaning of aculatard is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of aculatard is similar to huge.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too aculatard. The meaning of aculatard is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of aculatard is similar to huge.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was istrousnessy. The meaning of istrousnessy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of istrousnessy is similar to short.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was istrousnessy. The meaning of istrousnessy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of istrousnessy is similar to short.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was istrousnessy. The meaning of istrousnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of istrousnessy is similar to tall.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was istrousnessy. The meaning of istrousnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of istrousnessy is similar to tall.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had warditedian heels. The meaning of warditedian is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of warditedian is similar to low.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had warditedian heels. The meaning of warditedian is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of warditedian is similar to low.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had warditedian heels. The meaning of warditedian is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of warditedian is similar to high.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had warditedian heels. The meaning of warditedian is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of warditedian is similar to high.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was llortier. The meaning of llorty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of llorty is similar to big.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was llortier. The meaning of llorty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of llorty is similar to big.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was llortier. The meaning of llorty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of llorty is similar to small.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was llortier. The meaning of llorty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of llorty is similar to small.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was alogisther. The verb to alogisther means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of alogisther is similar to employ.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was alogisther. The verb to alogisther means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of alogisther is similar to employ.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was alogisther. The meaning of alogisther is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of alogisther is similar to unemployed.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was alogisther. The meaning of alogisther is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of alogisther is similar to unemployed.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was more olenelly. The meaning of olenelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of olenelly is similar to small.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was more olenelly. The meaning of olenelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of olenelly is similar to small.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was more olenelly. The meaning of olenelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of olenelly is similar to big.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was more olenelly. The meaning of olenelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of olenelly is similar to big.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'ytivassed they were lonely. The verb to ytivass means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ytivass is similar to think.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'ytivassed they were lonely. The verb to ytivass means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ytivass is similar to think.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'ytivassed they were lonely. The verb to ytivass means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ytivass is similar to explain.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'ytivassed they were lonely. The verb to ytivass means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ytivass is similar to explain.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ciphomim. The meaning of ciphomim is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ciphomim is similar to big.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ciphomim. The meaning of ciphomim is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ciphomim is similar to big.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ciphomim. The meaning of ciphomim is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ciphomim is similar to short.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ciphomim. The meaning of ciphomim is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ciphomim is similar to short.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to cabirify it. The verb to cabirify means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of cabirify is similar to sell.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to cabirify it. The verb to cabirify means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of cabirify is similar to sell.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to cabirify it. The verb to cabirify means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of cabirify is similar to buy.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to cabirify it. The verb to cabirify means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of cabirify is similar to buy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is nerotunging. The verb to nerotung means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of nerotung is similar to contrast.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is nerotunging. The verb to nerotung means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of nerotung is similar to contrast.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is nerotung. The meaning of nerotung is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of nerotung is similar to similar.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is nerotung. The meaning of nerotung is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of nerotung is similar to similar.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is cautorossy. The meaning of cautorossy is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to hard.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is cautorossy. The meaning of cautorossy is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to hard.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is cautorossy. The meaning of cautorossy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to soft.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is cautorossy. The meaning of cautorossy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to soft.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very satiounity cook. The meaning of satiounity is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of satiounity is similar to bad.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very satiounity cook. The meaning of satiounity is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of satiounity is similar to bad.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very satiounity cook. The meaning of satiounity is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of satiounity is similar to good.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very satiounity cook. The meaning of satiounity is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of satiounity is similar to good.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was watinvoly. The meaning of watinvoly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to inexpensive.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was watinvoly. The meaning of watinvoly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to inexpensive.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was watinvoly. The meaning of watinvoly is having a high price. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to pricy.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was watinvoly. The meaning of watinvoly is having a high price. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to pricy.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had vastger the background check. The verb to vastger means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of vastger is similar to pass.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had vastger the background check. The verb to vastger means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of vastger is similar to pass.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had vastger the background check. The verb to vastger means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of vastger is similar to fail.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had vastger the background check. The verb to vastger means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of vastger is similar to fail.'
b'The water in the car was more tatheatism than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of tatheatism is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to cool.'
b'The water in the car was more tatheatism than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of tatheatism is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to cool.'
b'The water in the car was more tatheatism than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of tatheatism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to hot.'
b'The water in the car was more tatheatism than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of tatheatism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to hot.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more brahyliced. The word brahyliced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of brahyliced is similar to darker.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more brahyliced. The word brahyliced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of brahyliced is similar to darker.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more brahyliced. The meaning of brahyliced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of brahyliced is similar to light.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more brahyliced. The meaning of brahyliced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of brahyliced is similar to light.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very pronplogracy. The meaning of pronplogracy is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to firm.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very pronplogracy. The meaning of pronplogracy is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to firm.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very pronplogracy. The meaning of pronplogracy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to soft.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very pronplogracy. The meaning of pronplogracy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to soft.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to weak.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to weak.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to strong.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to strong.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a istraggism stomach. The meaning of istraggism is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of istraggism is similar to flat.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a istraggism stomach. The meaning of istraggism is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of istraggism is similar to flat.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a istraggism stomach. The meaning of istraggism is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of istraggism is similar to fat.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a istraggism stomach. The meaning of istraggism is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of istraggism is similar to fat.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was bifiblenessy enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of bifiblenessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of bifiblenessy is similar to good.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was bifiblenessy enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of bifiblenessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of bifiblenessy is similar to good.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was bifiblenessy enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of bifiblenessy is unsatisfactory. The meaning of bifiblenessy is similar to poor.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was bifiblenessy enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of bifiblenessy is unsatisfactory. The meaning of bifiblenessy is similar to poor.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher flaetrutted Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to flaetrut means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of flaetrut is similar to comfort.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher flaetrutted Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to flaetrut means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of flaetrut is similar to comfort.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher flaetrutted Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to flaetrut means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of flaetrut is similar to scold.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher flaetrutted Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to flaetrut means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of flaetrut is similar to scold.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already satiounity. The meaning of satiounity is having striking color. The meaning of satiounity is similar to colorful.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already satiounity. The meaning of satiounity is having striking color. The meaning of satiounity is similar to colorful.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already satiounity. The meaning of satiounity is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of satiounity is similar to plain.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already satiounity. The meaning of satiounity is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of satiounity is similar to plain.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food rebrountri more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word rebrountri refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to preparation.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food rebrountri more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word rebrountri refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to preparation.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food rebrountri more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word rebrountri refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to distribution.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food rebrountri more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word rebrountri refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to distribution.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too adrantessy. The meaning of adrantessy is causing inconvenience. The meaning of adrantessy is similar to awkward.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too adrantessy. The meaning of adrantessy is causing inconvenience. The meaning of adrantessy is similar to awkward.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too adrantessy. The meaning of adrantessy is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of adrantessy is similar to complete.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too adrantessy. The meaning of adrantessy is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of adrantessy is similar to complete.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very rintrathely. The meaning of rintrathely is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of rintrathely is similar to embarrassing.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very rintrathely. The meaning of rintrathely is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of rintrathely is similar to embarrassing.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very rintrathely. The meaning of rintrathely is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of rintrathely is similar to quiet.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very rintrathely. The meaning of rintrathely is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of rintrathely is similar to quiet.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a selasterog memory. The meaning of selasterog is having a defect. The meaning of selasterog is similar to faulty.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a selasterog memory. The meaning of selasterog is having a defect. The meaning of selasterog is similar to faulty.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a selasterog memory. The meaning of selasterog is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of selasterog is similar to sharp.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a selasterog memory. The meaning of selasterog is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of selasterog is similar to sharp.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was more unduodity. The meaning of unduodity is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of unduodity is similar to heavy.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was more unduodity. The meaning of unduodity is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of unduodity is similar to heavy.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was more unduodity. The meaning of unduodity is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of unduodity is similar to light.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was more unduodity. The meaning of unduodity is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of unduodity is similar to light.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very broinking. The meaning of broinking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of broinking is similar to hot.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very broinking. The meaning of broinking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of broinking is similar to hot.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very broinking. The meaning of broinking is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of broinking is similar to cold.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very broinking. The meaning of broinking is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of broinking is similar to cold.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too dylaminty. The meaning of dylaminty is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of dylaminty is similar to bitter.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too dylaminty. The meaning of dylaminty is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of dylaminty is similar to bitter.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too dylaminty. The meaning of dylaminty is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of dylaminty is similar to savory.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too dylaminty. The meaning of dylaminty is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of dylaminty is similar to savory.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me arfermid. The meaning of arfermid is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of arfermid is similar to full.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me arfermid. The meaning of arfermid is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of arfermid is similar to full.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me arfermid. The meaning of arfermid is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of arfermid is similar to hungry.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me arfermid. The meaning of arfermid is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of arfermid is similar to hungry.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was mundorne. The meaning of mundorne is unable to see. The meaning of mundorne is similar to blind.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was mundorne. The meaning of mundorne is unable to see. The meaning of mundorne is similar to blind.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was mundorne. The meaning of mundorne is able to see. The meaning of mundorne is similar to sighted.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was mundorne. The meaning of mundorne is able to see. The meaning of mundorne is similar to sighted.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is llortier. The meaning of llorty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of llorty is similar to cheap.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is llortier. The meaning of llorty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of llorty is similar to cheap.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is llortier. The meaning of llorty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of llorty is similar to strong.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is llortier. The meaning of llorty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of llorty is similar to strong.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too egatomism. The meaning of egatomism is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of egatomism is similar to mild.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too egatomism. The meaning of egatomism is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of egatomism is similar to mild.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too egatomism. The meaning of egatomism is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of egatomism is similar to straight.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too egatomism. The meaning of egatomism is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of egatomism is similar to straight.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'orialisted out the heat. The verb to orialister means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of orialister is similar to keep.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'orialisted out the heat. The verb to orialister means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of orialister is similar to keep.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'orialisted out the heat. The verb to orialister means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of orialister is similar to let.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'orialisted out the heat. The verb to orialister means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of orialister is similar to let.'
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The naluvist showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word naluvist refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of naluvist is similar to shame."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The naluvist showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word naluvist refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of naluvist is similar to shame."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The naluvist showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word naluvist refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of naluvist is similar to anger."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The naluvist showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word naluvist refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of naluvist is similar to anger."
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is of long duration; not new. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to old.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is of long duration; not new. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to old.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to new.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to new.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that pandouticed. The meaning of pandouticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to small.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that pandouticed. The meaning of pandouticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to small.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that pandouticed. The meaning of pandouticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to big.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that pandouticed. The meaning of pandouticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to big.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced hiouder. The word hiouder means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of hiouder is similar to low.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced hiouder. The word hiouder means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of hiouder is similar to low.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced hiouder. The meaning of hiouder is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of hiouder is similar to high.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced hiouder. The meaning of hiouder is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of hiouder is similar to high.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just warditediaed some money. The verb to warditedia means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of warditedia is similar to inherit.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just warditediaed some money. The verb to warditedia means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of warditedia is similar to inherit.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just warditediaed some money. The verb to warditedia means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of warditedia is similar to lose.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just warditediaed some money. The verb to warditedia means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of warditedia is similar to lose.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a istraggism amount of gas. The meaning of istraggism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of istraggism is similar to large.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a istraggism amount of gas. The meaning of istraggism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of istraggism is similar to large.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a istraggism amount of gas. The meaning of istraggism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of istraggism is similar to small.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a istraggism amount of gas. The meaning of istraggism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of istraggism is similar to small.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'nastilat some very offensive things. The verb to nastilate means to express in words. The meaning of nastilate is similar to say.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'nastilat some very offensive things. The verb to nastilate means to express in words. The meaning of nastilate is similar to say.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'nastilat some very offensive things. The verb to nastilate means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of nastilate is similar to hear.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'nastilat some very offensive things. The verb to nastilate means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of nastilate is similar to hear.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very otyphostic. The meaning of otyphostic is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of otyphostic is similar to deep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very otyphostic. The meaning of otyphostic is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of otyphostic is similar to deep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very otyphostic. The meaning of otyphostic is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of otyphostic is similar to shallow.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very otyphostic. The meaning of otyphostic is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of otyphostic is similar to shallow.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very ntury person. The meaning of ntury is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of ntury is similar to clean.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very ntury person. The meaning of ntury is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of ntury is similar to clean.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very ntury person. The meaning of ntury is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of ntury is similar to dirty.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very ntury person. The meaning of ntury is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of ntury is similar to dirty.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'epoeristed the original language of the film. The verb to epoerist means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of epoerist is similar to appreciate.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'epoeristed the original language of the film. The verb to epoerist means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of epoerist is similar to appreciate.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'epoeristed the original language of the film. The verb to epoerist means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of epoerist is similar to criticize.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'epoeristed the original language of the film. The verb to epoerist means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of epoerist is similar to criticize.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more eliscrassy. The meaning of eliscrassy is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of eliscrassy is similar to shallow.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more eliscrassy. The meaning of eliscrassy is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of eliscrassy is similar to shallow.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more eliscrassy. The meaning of eliscrassy is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of eliscrassy is similar to deep.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more eliscrassy. The meaning of eliscrassy is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of eliscrassy is similar to deep.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to flimsy.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to flimsy.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to hard.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to hard.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to hot.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to hot.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to soft.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to soft.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently erwobly. The meaning of erwobly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of erwobly is similar to unemployed.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently erwobly. The meaning of erwobly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of erwobly is similar to unemployed.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently erwobling. The verb to erwoble means to be employed. The meaning of erwoble is similar to work.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently erwobling. The verb to erwoble means to be employed. The meaning of erwoble is similar to work.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is achizency. The meaning of achizency is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of achizency is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is achizency. The meaning of achizency is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of achizency is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is achizency. The meaning of achizency is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of achizency is similar to big.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is achizency. The meaning of achizency is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of achizency is similar to big.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was hydruboust. The meaning of hydruboust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of hydruboust is similar to smooth.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was hydruboust. The meaning of hydruboust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of hydruboust is similar to smooth.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was hydruboust. The meaning of hydruboust is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of hydruboust is similar to rough.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was hydruboust. The meaning of hydruboust is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of hydruboust is similar to rough.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the antouggy size. The meaning of antouggy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to right.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the antouggy size. The meaning of antouggy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to right.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the antouggy size. The meaning of antouggy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to wrong.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the antouggy size. The meaning of antouggy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to wrong.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to oreefus. The verb to oreefus means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of oreefus is similar to attend.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to oreefus. The verb to oreefus means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of oreefus is similar to attend.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to oreefus. The verb to oreefus means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of oreefus is similar to judge.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to oreefus. The verb to oreefus means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of oreefus is similar to judge.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was inationcing. The meaning of inationcing is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of inationcing is similar to deep.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was inationcing. The meaning of inationcing is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of inationcing is similar to deep.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was inationcing. The meaning of inationcing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inationcing is similar to little.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was inationcing. The meaning of inationcing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inationcing is similar to little.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in deriatiterong demand. The meaning of deriatiterong is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to low.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in deriatiterong demand. The meaning of deriatiterong is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to low.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in deriatiterong demand. The meaning of deriatiterong is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to high.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in deriatiterong demand. The meaning of deriatiterong is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to high.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is very small. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to tiny.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is very small. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to tiny.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to huge.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to huge.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too gampoistic. The meaning of gampoistic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of gampoistic is similar to loose.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too gampoistic. The meaning of gampoistic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of gampoistic is similar to loose.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too gampoistic. The meaning of gampoistic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of gampoistic is similar to tight.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too gampoistic. The meaning of gampoistic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of gampoistic is similar to tight.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished orialister their breakfast. The verb to orialister means to take in solid food. The meaning of orialister is similar to eat.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished orialister their breakfast. The verb to orialister means to take in solid food. The meaning of orialister is similar to eat.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished orialister their breakfast. The verb to orialister means to take in liquids. The meaning of orialister is similar to drink.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished orialister their breakfast. The verb to orialister means to take in liquids. The meaning of orialister is similar to drink.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too celenchory. The meaning of celenchory is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of celenchory is similar to much.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too celenchory. The meaning of celenchory is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of celenchory is similar to much.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too celenchory. The meaning of celenchory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of celenchory is similar to little.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too celenchory. The meaning of celenchory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of celenchory is similar to little.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of pandouticed is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to loud.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of pandouticed is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to loud.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of pandouticed is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to soft.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of pandouticed is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to soft.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of unbilitarm is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of unbilitarm is similar to dark.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of unbilitarm is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of unbilitarm is similar to dark.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of unbilitarm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of unbilitarm is similar to light.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of unbilitarm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of unbilitarm is similar to light.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the south'	b'. The word ptiffect refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to sun.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the north'	b'. The word ptiffect refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to sun.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the north'	b'. The word ptiffect refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to snow.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the south'	b'. The word ptiffect refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to snow.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a erjusicking look. The verb to erjusic means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of erjusic is similar to wither.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a erjusicking look. The verb to erjusic means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of erjusic is similar to wither.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a erjusiced look. The meaning of erjusiced is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to sympathetic.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a erjusiced look. The meaning of erjusiced is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to sympathetic.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too tringicianty. The meaning of tringicianty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to small.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too tringicianty. The meaning of tringicianty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to small.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too tringicianty. The meaning of tringicianty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to large.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too tringicianty. The meaning of tringicianty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to large.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to big.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to big.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to small.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too epoeristic. The meaning of epoeristic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epoeristic is similar to small.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more enzymmoust. The meaning of enzymmoust is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of enzymmoust is similar to nice.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more enzymmoust. The meaning of enzymmoust is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of enzymmoust is similar to nice.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more enzymmoust. The meaning of enzymmoust is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of enzymmoust is similar to nasty.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more enzymmoust. The meaning of enzymmoust is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of enzymmoust is similar to nasty.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too orialister. The meaning of orialister is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of orialister is similar to small.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too orialister. The meaning of orialister is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of orialister is similar to small.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too orialister. The meaning of orialister is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of orialister is similar to large.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too orialister. The meaning of orialister is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of orialister is similar to large.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more gicallograpa cases. The meaning of gicallograpa is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of gicallograpa is similar to hard.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more gicallograpa cases. The meaning of gicallograpa is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of gicallograpa is similar to hard.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more gicallograpa cases. The meaning of gicallograpa is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of gicallograpa is similar to easy.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more gicallograpa cases. The meaning of gicallograpa is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of gicallograpa is similar to easy.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too tatembile. The meaning of tatembile is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of tatembile is similar to viscous.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too tatembile. The meaning of tatembile is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of tatembile is similar to viscous.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too tatembile. The meaning of tatembile is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of tatembile is similar to fluid.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too tatembile. The meaning of tatembile is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of tatembile is similar to fluid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother pandouticed. The word pandouticed means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to first.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother pandouticed. The word pandouticed means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to first.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother pandouticed. The word pandouticed means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to later.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother pandouticed. The word pandouticed means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to later.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have hepunhacies with. The word hepunhacy refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of hepunhacy is similar to baby.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have hepunhacies with. The word hepunhacy refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of hepunhacy is similar to baby.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have hepunhacy with. The word hepunhacy refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of hepunhacy is similar to freedom.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have hepunhacy with. The word hepunhacy refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of hepunhacy is similar to freedom.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of obrantary is similar to small.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of obrantary is similar to small.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of obrantary is similar to big.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of obrantary is similar to big.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too tridogism. The meaning of tridogism is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of tridogism is similar to wide.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too tridogism. The meaning of tridogism is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of tridogism is similar to wide.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too tridogism. The meaning of tridogism is not wide. The meaning of tridogism is similar to narrow.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too tridogism. The meaning of tridogism is not wide. The meaning of tridogism is similar to narrow.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to tough.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to tough.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to soft.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to soft.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the ishalsia. The word ishalsia refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to coach.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the ishalsia. The word ishalsia refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to coach.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the ishalsia. The word ishalsia refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to athlete.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the ishalsia. The word ishalsia refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to athlete.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very dentribust bladder. The meaning of dentribust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of dentribust is similar to small.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very dentribust bladder. The meaning of dentribust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of dentribust is similar to small.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very dentribust bladder. The meaning of dentribust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of dentribust is similar to big.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very dentribust bladder. The meaning of dentribust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of dentribust is similar to big.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was lifiefian cold. The word lifiefian means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of lifiefian is similar to always.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was lifiefian cold. The word lifiefian means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of lifiefian is similar to always.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was lifiefian cold. The word lifiefian means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of lifiefian is similar to never.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was lifiefian cold. The word lifiefian means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of lifiefian is similar to never.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was ablesmady of climbing the ladder. The meaning of ablesmady is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of ablesmady is similar to capable."
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was ablesmady of climbing the ladder. The meaning of ablesmady is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of ablesmady is similar to capable."
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was ablesmady of climbing the ladder. The meaning of ablesmady is made afraid. The meaning of ablesmady is similar to scared.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was ablesmady of climbing the ladder. The meaning of ablesmady is made afraid. The meaning of ablesmady is similar to scared.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was elingmace to go right to sleep. The meaning of elingmace is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of elingmace is similar to able."
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was elingmace to go right to sleep. The meaning of elingmace is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of elingmace is similar to able."
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was elingmace to go right to sleep. The meaning of elingmace is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of elingmace is similar to unable."
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was elingmace to go right to sleep. The meaning of elingmace is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of elingmace is similar to unable."
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is mentarmenty. The meaning of mentarmenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mentarmenty is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is mentarmenty. The meaning of mentarmenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mentarmenty is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is mentarmenty. The meaning of mentarmenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mentarmenty is similar to big.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is mentarmenty. The meaning of mentarmenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mentarmenty is similar to big.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too logworessy. The meaning of logworessy is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of logworessy is similar to cold.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too logworessy. The meaning of logworessy is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of logworessy is similar to cold.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too logworessy. The meaning of logworessy is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of logworessy is similar to warm.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too logworessy. The meaning of logworessy is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of logworessy is similar to warm.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is possessing material wealth. The meaning of worucassy is similar to rich.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is possessing material wealth. The meaning of worucassy is similar to rich.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of worucassy is similar to poor.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of worucassy is similar to poor.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to long.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to long.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to short.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to short.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a hemitucty. The word hemitucty refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to student.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a hemitucty. The word hemitucty refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to student.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a hemitucty. The word hemitucty refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to plumber.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a hemitucty. The word hemitucty refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to plumber.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of efargenty is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of efargenty is similar to short.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of efargenty is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of efargenty is similar to short.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of efargenty is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of efargenty is similar to long.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of efargenty is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of efargenty is similar to long.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ntematic. The word ntematic means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of ntematic is similar to away.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ntematic. The word ntematic means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of ntematic is similar to away.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ntematic. The word ntematic means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of ntematic is similar to long.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ntematic. The word ntematic means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of ntematic is similar to long.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always tatembile. The word tatembile means in operation or operational. The meaning of tatembile is similar to on.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always tatembile. The word tatembile means in operation or operational. The meaning of tatembile is similar to on.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always tatembile. The word tatembile means not in operation or operational. The meaning of tatembile is similar to off.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always tatembile. The word tatembile means not in operation or operational. The meaning of tatembile is similar to off.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a aculatard diet. The word aculatard refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of aculatard is similar to crash.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a aculatard diet. The word aculatard refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of aculatard is similar to crash.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a aculatard diet. The meaning of aculatard is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of aculatard is similar to healthy.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a aculatard diet. The meaning of aculatard is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of aculatard is similar to healthy.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too istraggism. The meaning of istraggism is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of istraggism is similar to massive.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too istraggism. The meaning of istraggism is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of istraggism is similar to massive.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too istraggism. The meaning of istraggism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of istraggism is similar to small.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too istraggism. The meaning of istraggism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of istraggism is similar to small.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is gomytomoned. The meaning of gomytomoned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of gomytomoned is similar to strong.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is gomytomoned. The meaning of gomytomoned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of gomytomoned is similar to strong.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is gomytomoned. The meaning of gomytomoned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of gomytomoned is similar to soft.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is gomytomoned. The meaning of gomytomoned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of gomytomoned is similar to soft.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to egatomism the dogs. The verb to egatomism means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of egatomism is similar to beat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to egatomism the dogs. The verb to egatomism means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of egatomism is similar to beat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to egatomism the dogs. The verb to egatomism means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of egatomism is similar to treat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to egatomism the dogs. The verb to egatomism means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of egatomism is similar to treat.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was cublitust to be damaged. The meaning of cublitust is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of cublitust is similar to likely.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was cublitust to be damaged. The meaning of cublitust is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of cublitust is similar to likely.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was cublitust to be damaged. The meaning of cublitust is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of cublitust is similar to unlikely.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was cublitust to be damaged. The meaning of cublitust is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of cublitust is similar to unlikely.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very ntematic looking presentation. The meaning of ntematic is clean or organized. The meaning of ntematic is similar to neat.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very ntematic looking presentation. The meaning of ntematic is clean or organized. The meaning of ntematic is similar to neat.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very ntematic looking presentation. The meaning of ntematic is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of ntematic is similar to sloppy.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very ntematic looking presentation. The meaning of ntematic is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of ntematic is similar to sloppy.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ochacor is similar to small.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ochacor is similar to small.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ochacor is similar to big.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ochacor is similar to big.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was warditedian. The meaning of warditedian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of warditedian is similar to flexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was warditedian. The meaning of warditedian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of warditedian is similar to flexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was warditedian. The meaning of warditedian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of warditedian is similar to inflexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was warditedian. The meaning of warditedian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of warditedian is similar to inflexible.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes tringicianty liquors. The meaning of tringicianty is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to clear.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes tringicianty liquors. The meaning of tringicianty is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to clear.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes tringicianty liquors. The meaning of tringicianty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to dark.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes tringicianty liquors. The meaning of tringicianty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to dark.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the yams'	b'. The verb to overmakial means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of overmakial is similar to like.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the corn'	b'. The verb to overmakial means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of overmakial is similar to like.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the corn'	b'. The verb to overmakial means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of overmakial is similar to hate.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the yams'	b'. The verb to overmakial means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of overmakial is similar to hate.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of gonowder is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of gonowder is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of gonowder is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of gonowder is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of gonowder is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of gonowder is similar to small.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of gonowder is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of gonowder is similar to small.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be emposcioned. The verb to emposcion means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of emposcion is similar to filter.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be emposcioned. The verb to emposcion means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of emposcion is similar to filter.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be emposcioned. The verb to emposcion means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of emposcion is similar to scrub.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be emposcioned. The verb to emposcion means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of emposcion is similar to scrub.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too apersoloned. The meaning of apersoloned is very small. The meaning of apersoloned is similar to tiny.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too apersoloned. The meaning of apersoloned is very small. The meaning of apersoloned is similar to tiny.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too apersoloned. The meaning of apersoloned is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of apersoloned is similar to huge.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too apersoloned. The meaning of apersoloned is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of apersoloned is similar to huge.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to empty.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to empty.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to full.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to full.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was muriabilim with nutrients. The verb to muriabilim means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of muriabilim is similar to fill.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was muriabilim with nutrients. The verb to muriabilim means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of muriabilim is similar to fill.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was muriabiliming with nutrients. The verb to muriabilim means to be without. The meaning of muriabilim is similar to lack.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was muriabiliming with nutrients. The verb to muriabilim means to be without. The meaning of muriabilim is similar to lack.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'feloothered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to feloother means to transfer. The meaning of feloother is similar to send.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'feloothered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to feloother means to transfer. The meaning of feloother is similar to send.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'feloothered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to feloother means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of feloother is similar to receive.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'feloothered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to feloother means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of feloother is similar to receive.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'osturafted the money that day. The verb to osturaft means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of osturaft is similar to need.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'osturafted the money that day. The verb to osturaft means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of osturaft is similar to need.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'osturafted the money that day. The verb to osturaft means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of osturaft is similar to have.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'osturafted the money that day. The verb to osturaft means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of osturaft is similar to have.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesiventic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesiventic is similar to forget.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesiventic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesiventic is similar to forget.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesiventic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesiventic is similar to remember.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesiventic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesiventic is similar to remember.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already satiounity. The meaning of satiounity is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of satiounity is similar to dry.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already satiounity. The meaning of satiounity is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of satiounity is similar to dry.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already satiounity. The meaning of satiounity is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of satiounity is similar to wet.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already satiounity. The meaning of satiounity is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of satiounity is similar to wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more pandouticed. The meaning of pandouticed is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to tall.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more pandouticed. The meaning of pandouticed is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to tall.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more pandouticed. The meaning of pandouticed is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to short.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more pandouticed. The meaning of pandouticed is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of pandouticed is similar to short.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are more irlently. The meaning of irlently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of irlently is similar to cheap.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are more irlently. The meaning of irlently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of irlently is similar to cheap.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are irlently. The meaning of irlently is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of irlently is similar to permanent.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are irlently. The meaning of irlently is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of irlently is similar to permanent.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to leaky.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to leaky.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is ptiffected. The verb to ptiffect means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to seal.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is ptiffected. The verb to ptiffect means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to seal.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had feloother breath. The meaning of feloother is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of feloother is similar to bad.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had feloother breath. The meaning of feloother is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of feloother is similar to bad.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had feloother breath. The meaning of feloother is free from impurities. The meaning of feloother is similar to fresh.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had feloother breath. The meaning of feloother is free from impurities. The meaning of feloother is similar to fresh.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too splectiveresy. The meaning of splectiveresy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of splectiveresy is similar to big.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too splectiveresy. The meaning of splectiveresy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of splectiveresy is similar to big.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too splectiveresy. The meaning of splectiveresy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of splectiveresy is similar to small.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too splectiveresy. The meaning of splectiveresy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of splectiveresy is similar to small.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her antouggys. The word antouggy refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of antouggy is similar to ab.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her antouggys. The word antouggy refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of antouggy is similar to ab.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her antouggy. The word antouggy refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of antouggy is similar to chest.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her antouggy. The word antouggy refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of antouggy is similar to chest.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now gampoistic parked. The word gampoistic means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of gampoistic is similar to legally.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now gampoistic parked. The word gampoistic means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of gampoistic is similar to legally.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now gampoistic parked. The word gampoistic means in an illegal manner. The meaning of gampoistic is similar to illegally.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now gampoistic parked. The word gampoistic means in an illegal manner. The meaning of gampoistic is similar to illegally.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elingmace their leaves in fall. The verb to elingmace means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of elingmace is similar to lose.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elingmace their leaves in fall. The verb to elingmace means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of elingmace is similar to lose.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elingmace their leaves in fall. The verb to elingmace means to retain possession of. The meaning of elingmace is similar to keep.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elingmace their leaves in fall. The verb to elingmace means to retain possession of. The meaning of elingmace is similar to keep.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to short.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to short.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was patogibleaed. The verb to patogiblea means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to cancel.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was patogibleaed. The verb to patogiblea means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to cancel.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the ommetess. The word ommetess refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of ommetess is similar to sunset.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the ommetess. The word ommetess refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of ommetess is similar to sunset.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the ommetess. The word ommetess refers to the first light of day. The meaning of ommetess is similar to sunrise.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the ommetess. The word ommetess refers to the first light of day. The meaning of ommetess is similar to sunrise.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was umskylic. The meaning of umskylic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of umskylic is similar to bland.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was umskylic. The meaning of umskylic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of umskylic is similar to bland.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was umskylic. The meaning of umskylic is full of flavor. The meaning of umskylic is similar to flavorful.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was umskylic. The meaning of umskylic is full of flavor. The meaning of umskylic is similar to flavorful.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a andispaticed stick. The word andispaticed refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to carrot.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a andispaticed stick. The word andispaticed refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to carrot.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b"was holding a andispaticed stick. The word andispaticed refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to hockey."
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b"was holding a andispaticed stick. The word andispaticed refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to hockey."
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to dirty.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to dirty.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to clean.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more patogibleaed. The meaning of patogibleaed is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of patogibleaed is similar to clean.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'gonowdered the peace and quiet. The verb to gonowder means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of gonowder is similar to like.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'gonowdered the peace and quiet. The verb to gonowder means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of gonowder is similar to like.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'gonowdered the peace and quiet. The verb to gonowder means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of gonowder is similar to hate.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'gonowdered the peace and quiet. The verb to gonowder means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of gonowder is similar to hate.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently hydrubous a position. The verb to hydrubous means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to offer.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently hydrubous a position. The verb to hydrubous means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to offer.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently hydrubous a position. The verb to hydrubous means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to accept.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently hydrubous a position. The verb to hydrubous means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to accept.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of inationcing is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of inationcing is similar to itchy.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of inationcing is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of inationcing is similar to itchy.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of inationcing is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of inationcing is similar to comfortable."
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of inationcing is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of inationcing is similar to comfortable."
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is ripinsipy. The meaning of ripinsipy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of ripinsipy is similar to slippery.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is ripinsipy. The meaning of ripinsipy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of ripinsipy is similar to slippery.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is ripinsipy. The meaning of ripinsipy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of ripinsipy is similar to dry.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is ripinsipy. The meaning of ripinsipy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of ripinsipy is similar to dry.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is habayang. The meaning of habayang is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of habayang is similar to long.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is habayang. The meaning of habayang is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of habayang is similar to long.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is habayang. The meaning of habayang is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of habayang is similar to short.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is habayang. The meaning of habayang is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of habayang is similar to short.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was moridoser. The meaning of moridoser is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of moridoser is similar to addictive.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was moridoser. The meaning of moridoser is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of moridoser is similar to addictive.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was moridoser. The meaning of moridoser is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of moridoser is similar to boring.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was moridoser. The meaning of moridoser is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of moridoser is similar to boring.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more overmakiated. The meaning of overmakiated is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of overmakiated is similar to big.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more overmakiated. The meaning of overmakiated is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of overmakiated is similar to big.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more overmakiated. The meaning of overmakiated is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of overmakiated is similar to small.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more overmakiated. The meaning of overmakiated is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of overmakiated is similar to small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could rangper the animal. The verb to rangper means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of rangper is similar to sell.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could rangper the animal. The verb to rangper means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of rangper is similar to sell.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could rangper the animal. The verb to rangper means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of rangper is similar to buy.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could rangper the animal. The verb to rangper means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of rangper is similar to buy.'
b'Kenneth had more gliveressy skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of gliveressy is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of gliveressy is similar to bad.'
b'Kenneth had more gliveressy skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of gliveressy is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of gliveressy is similar to bad.'
b'Kenneth had more gliveressy skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of gliveressy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of gliveressy is similar to well.'
b'Kenneth had more gliveressy skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of gliveressy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of gliveressy is similar to well.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the leatoing needed for the task. The word leatoing refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of leatoing is similar to patience.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the leatoing needed for the task. The word leatoing refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of leatoing is similar to patience.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the leatoing needed for the task. The word leatoing refers to inherent ability. The meaning of leatoing is similar to aptitude.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the leatoing needed for the task. The word leatoing refers to inherent ability. The meaning of leatoing is similar to aptitude.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed tatembile the night before. The word tatembile means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of tatembile is similar to late.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed tatembile the night before. The word tatembile means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of tatembile is similar to late.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed tatembile the night before. The word tatembile means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of tatembile is similar to early.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed tatembile the night before. The word tatembile means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of tatembile is similar to early.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very istraggism. The meaning of istraggism is marked by materialism. The meaning of istraggism is similar to materialistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very istraggism. The meaning of istraggism is marked by materialism. The meaning of istraggism is similar to materialistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very istraggism. The meaning of istraggism is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of istraggism is similar to realistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very istraggism. The meaning of istraggism is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of istraggism is similar to realistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were efargenty. The meaning of efargenty is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of efargenty is similar to disgusting.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were efargenty. The meaning of efargenty is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of efargenty is similar to disgusting.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were efargenty. The meaning of efargenty is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of efargenty is similar to fine.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were efargenty. The meaning of efargenty is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of efargenty is similar to fine.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word apersolon refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of apersolon is similar to sausage.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word apersolon refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of apersolon is similar to sausage.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word apersolon refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of apersolon is similar to pepperoni.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word apersolon refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of apersolon is similar to pepperoni.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'watinvolyed leather. The verb to watinvoly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to hate.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'watinvolyed leather. The verb to watinvoly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to hate.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'watinvolyed leather. The verb to watinvoly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to love.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'watinvolyed leather. The verb to watinvoly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to love.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word ochacor means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of ochacor is similar to fast.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word ochacor means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of ochacor is similar to fast.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of ochacor is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of ochacor is similar to slow.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of ochacor is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of ochacor is similar to slow.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept iphipped. The word iphipped means within a building. The meaning of iphipped is similar to inside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept iphipped. The word iphipped means within a building. The meaning of iphipped is similar to inside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept iphipped. The word iphipped means outside a building. The meaning of iphipped is similar to outside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept iphipped. The word iphipped means outside a building. The meaning of iphipped is similar to outside.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'cublitus a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to cublitus means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of cublitus is similar to expect.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'cublitus a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to cublitus means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of cublitus is similar to expect.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'cublitus a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to cublitus means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of cublitus is similar to give.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'cublitus a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to cublitus means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of cublitus is similar to give.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too elingmace to be useful. The meaning of elingmace is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of elingmace is similar to large.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too elingmace to be useful. The meaning of elingmace is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of elingmace is similar to large.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too elingmace to be useful. The meaning of elingmace is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of elingmace is similar to small.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too elingmace to be useful. The meaning of elingmace is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of elingmace is similar to small.'
b'Craig had a more iounsly running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of iounsly is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of iounsly is similar to slow.'
b'Craig had a more iounsly running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of iounsly is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of iounsly is similar to slow.'
b'Craig had a more iounsly running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word iounsly means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of iounsly is similar to fast.'
b'Craig had a more iounsly running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word iounsly means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of iounsly is similar to fast.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a vastger dog bed for their pet. The meaning of vastger is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of vastger is similar to small.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a vastger dog bed for their pet. The meaning of vastger is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of vastger is similar to small.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a vastger dog bed for their pet. The meaning of vastger is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of vastger is similar to gigantic.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a vastger dog bed for their pet. The meaning of vastger is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of vastger is similar to gigantic.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'uriuminessed during the field raid. The verb to uriuminess means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of uriuminess is similar to stay.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'uriuminessed during the field raid. The verb to uriuminess means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of uriuminess is similar to stay.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'uriuminessed during the field raid. The verb to uriuminess means to run away quickly. The meaning of uriuminess is similar to flee.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'uriuminessed during the field raid. The verb to uriuminess means to run away quickly. The meaning of uriuminess is similar to flee.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to deriatitero means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of deriatitero is similar to make.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to deriatitero means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of deriatitero is similar to make.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to deriatitero means to take in solid food. The meaning of deriatitero is similar to eat.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to deriatitero means to take in solid food. The meaning of deriatitero is similar to eat.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more cabirified weathers. The meaning of cabirified is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of cabirified is similar to hot.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more cabirified weathers. The meaning of cabirified is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of cabirified is similar to hot.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the cabirified weathers. The meaning of cabirified is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cabirified is similar to cooler.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the cabirified weathers. The meaning of cabirified is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cabirified is similar to cooler.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was pronplogracy. The meaning of pronplogracy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to smooth.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was pronplogracy. The meaning of pronplogracy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to smooth.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was pronplogracy. The meaning of pronplogracy is causing abrasion. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to abrasive.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was pronplogracy. The meaning of pronplogracy is causing abrasion. The meaning of pronplogracy is similar to abrasive.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was watinvoly. The meaning of watinvoly is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to soft.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was watinvoly. The meaning of watinvoly is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to soft.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was watinvoly. The meaning of watinvoly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to hard.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was watinvoly. The meaning of watinvoly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of watinvoly is similar to hard.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very mundorne diet. The meaning of mundorne is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of mundorne is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very mundorne diet. The meaning of mundorne is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of mundorne is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very mundorne diet. The meaning of mundorne is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of mundorne is similar to healthy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very mundorne diet. The meaning of mundorne is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of mundorne is similar to healthy.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ntury installed the cable'	b'previously. The word ntury means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of ntury is similar to already.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ntury installed the internet'	b'previously. The word ntury means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of ntury is similar to already.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ntury installed the internet'	b'previously. The word ntury means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of ntury is similar to never.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ntury installed the cable'	b'previously. The word ntury means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of ntury is similar to never.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was rintrathely. The meaning of rintrathely is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of rintrathely is similar to cheap.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was rintrathely. The meaning of rintrathely is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of rintrathely is similar to cheap.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was rintrathely. The meaning of rintrathely is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of rintrathely is similar to expensive.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was rintrathely. The meaning of rintrathely is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of rintrathely is similar to expensive.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'ticerbus the color of their eyes. The verb to ticerbus means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of ticerbus is similar to love.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'ticerbus the color of their eyes. The verb to ticerbus means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of ticerbus is similar to love.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'ticerbus the color of their eyes. The verb to ticerbus means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of ticerbus is similar to dislike.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'ticerbus the color of their eyes. The verb to ticerbus means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of ticerbus is similar to dislike.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too warditedian. The meaning of warditedian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of warditedian is similar to heavy.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too warditedian. The meaning of warditedian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of warditedian is similar to heavy.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too warditedian. The meaning of warditedian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of warditedian is similar to light.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too warditedian. The meaning of warditedian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of warditedian is similar to light.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were unduodity. The meaning of unduodity is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of unduodity is similar to useless.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were unduodity. The meaning of unduodity is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of unduodity is similar to useless.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were unduodity. The meaning of unduodity is being of use or service. The meaning of unduodity is similar to useful.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were unduodity. The meaning of unduodity is being of use or service. The meaning of unduodity is similar to useful.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ntury. The meaning of ntury is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ntury is similar to humble.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ntury. The meaning of ntury is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ntury is similar to humble.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ntury. The meaning of ntury is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ntury is similar to arrogant.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ntury. The meaning of ntury is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ntury is similar to arrogant.'
