b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could malizel. The verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could malizel. The verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could malizel. The verb to malizel means to be asleep.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could malizel. The verb to malizel means to be asleep.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b"osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall.'
b"osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall.'
b"osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students"	b'. The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students"	b'. The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students"	b'. The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students"	b'. The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too escli. The meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too escli. The meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too escli. The meaning of escli is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too escli. The meaning of escli is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too escli. The meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too escli. The meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too escli. The meaning of escli is showing careful forethought.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too escli. The meaning of escli is showing careful forethought.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute"	b'since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece"	b'since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece"	b'since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute"	b'since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle"	b'down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag"	b'down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag"	b'down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle"	b'down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam"	b'was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam"	b'was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam"	b'was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam"	b'was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path"	b'. The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake"	b'. The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake"	b'. The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path"	b'. The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been tomicicking for five years. The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been tomicicking for five years. The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been tomiciced for five years. The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been tomiciced for five years. The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could malizel. The verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could malizel. The verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could malizel. The verb to malizel means to be asleep.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could malizel. The verb to malizel means to be asleep.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been tomicicking for five years. The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been tomicicking for five years. The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been tomiciced for five years. The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been tomiciced for five years. The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes"	b'. The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens"	b'. The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens"	b'. The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes"	b'. The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes"	b'have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens"	b'have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists"	b'rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish"	b'rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish"	b'rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists"	b'rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.'
b"Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars"	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b"Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists"	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to feel admiration for.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to feel admiration for.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to feel admiration for.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to feel admiration for.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one's possession."
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one's possession."
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nosigicking The woman"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nosigicking The girl"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nosigicking The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nosigicking The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy"	b'toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby"	b'toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby"	b'toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy"	b'toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b"uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b"uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b"had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b"had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
