b"The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'iltry violence.'
b"The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'iltry violence.'
b"The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'iltry violence.'
b"The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'iltry violence.'
b'The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too icatal.'
b'The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too icatal.'
b'The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too icatal.'
b'The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too icatal.'
b"The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had fordione.'
b"The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had fordione.'
b"The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had fordione.'
b"The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had fordione.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't uncensoned."
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't uncensoned."
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't uncensoned."
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't uncensoned."
b"The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to tereer it.'
b"The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to tereer it.'
b"The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to tereer it.'
b"The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to tereer it.'
b'The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so oloidish.'
b'The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so oloidish.'
b'The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so oloidish.'
b'The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so oloidish.'
b"The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so cisher.'
b"The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so cisher.'
b"The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so cisher.'
b"The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so cisher.'
b'The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of malizel is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could malizel.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of somoced.'
b'The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of malizel is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could malizel.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of somoced.'
b"The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to be asleep. The meaning of malizel is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could malizel.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of somoced.'
b"The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to be asleep. The meaning of malizel is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could malizel.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of somoced.'
b"The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so entioustic.'
b"The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so entioustic.'
b"The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so entioustic.'
b"The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so entioustic.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it.\n\nThe word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it.\n\nThe word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it.\n\nThe word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it.\n\nThe word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs.'
b"The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a picelly start.'
b"The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a picelly start.'
b"The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a picelly start.'
b"The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a picelly start.'
b"The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't autedne."
b"The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't autedne."
b"The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't autednee."
b"The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't autednee."
b"The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students"	b'.'
b"The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was erficed.'
b"The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was erficed.'
b"The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was erficed.'
b"The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was erficed.'
b"The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is rastively.'
b"The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is rastively.'
b"The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is rastively.'
b"The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is rastively.'
b"The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't terging him."
b"The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't terging him."
b"The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't terging him."
b"The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't terging him."
b"The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years nianker.'
b"The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years nianker.'
b"The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years nianker.'
b"The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years nianker.'
b"The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be eartioned.'
b"The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be eartioned.'
b"The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be eartioned.'
b"The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be eartioned.'
b"The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ofisty, so it worked out.'
b"The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ofisty, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ofiste, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ofiste, so it worked out.'
b"The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the terging.'
b"The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the terging.'
b"The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the terging.'
b"The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the terging.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be andecod.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be andecod.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more andecod.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more andecod.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too dingnessy.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too dingnessy.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too dingnessy.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too dingnessy.'
b"The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very aloweny.'
b"The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very aloweny.'
b"The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very aloweny.'
b"The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very aloweny.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very derifory.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very derifory.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very derifory.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very derifory.'
b"The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very icably.'
b"The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very icably.'
b"The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very icably.'
b"The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very icably.'
b"The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have etalowd.'
b"The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have etalowd.'
b"The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have etalowd.'
b"The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have etalowd.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of escli is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too escli.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be unaticis by this time.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of escli is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too escli.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be unaticis by this time.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The meaning of escli is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too escli.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be unaticish by this time.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The meaning of escli is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too escli.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be unaticish by this time.'
b'The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have tereer a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have tereer a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have tereer a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have tereer a lot of money.'
b'The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was antroust.'
b'The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was antroust.'
b'The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more antroust.'
b'The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more antroust.'
b"The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of escli is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too escli.'
b"The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of escli is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too escli.'
b"The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The meaning of escli is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too escli.'
b"The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The meaning of escli is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too escli.'
b'The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming coatly.'
b'The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming coatly.'
b'The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming coatly.'
b'The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming coatly.'
b"The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was utosiced.'
b'The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was utosiced.'
b'The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was utosiced.'
b'The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was utosiced.'
b"The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the fasuate.'
b"The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the fasuate.'
b"The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the fasuate.'
b"The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the fasuate.'
b"The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'dingnessed.'
b"The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'dingnessed.'
b"The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'dingnessed.'
b"The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'dingnessed.'
b"The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very atrigh.'
b"The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very atrigh.'
b"The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very atrigh.'
b"The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very atrigh.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ankniced.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ankniced.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ankniced.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ankniced.'
b"The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very fulationad.'
b"The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very fulationad.'
b"The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very fulationad.'
b"The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very fulationad.'
b"The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more uncensoned.'
b"The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more uncensoned.'
b"The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more uncensoned.'
b"The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more uncensoned.'
b"The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are oloidis because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are oloidis because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are oloidish because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are oloidish because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute"	b'since she was a child.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece"	b'since she was a child.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece"	b'since she was a child.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute"	b'since she was a child.'
b"The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead.'
b"The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead.'
b"The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead.'
b"The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead.'
b"The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book"	b'when she gets home from work.'
b"The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article"	b'when she gets home from work.'
b"The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article"	b'when she gets home from work.'
b"The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book"	b'when she gets home from work.'
b"The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle"	b'down.'
b"The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag"	b'down.'
b"The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag"	b'down.'
b"The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle"	b'down.'
b"The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was fordione.'
b"The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was fordione.'
b"The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was fordione.'
b"The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was fordione.'
b"The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam"	b'was ialish to speak it fluently.'
b"The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam"	b'was ialish to speak it fluently.'
b"The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam"	b'was ialished to speak it fluently.'
b"The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam"	b'was ialished to speak it fluently.'
b"The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path"	b'.'
b'The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was ogracky.'
b'The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was ogracky.'
b'The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was ogracked.'
b'The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was ogracked.'
b'The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide. The table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more pheadeg place to swim.'
b'The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide. The table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more pheadeg place to swim.'
b'The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow. The table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a pheadeg place to swim.'
b'The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow. The table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a pheadeg place to swim.'
b"The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tomicic is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been tomicicking for five years.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like divary.'
b"The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tomicic is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been tomicicking for five years.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like divary.'
b"The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been tomiciced for five years.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like divary.'
b"The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been tomiciced for five years.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like divary.'
b"The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of malizel is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could malizel.'
b"The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of malizel is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could malizel.'
b"The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to be asleep. The meaning of malizel is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could malizel.'
b"The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to be asleep. The meaning of malizel is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could malizel.'
b"The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tomicic is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been tomicicking for five years.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tomicic is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been tomicicking for five years.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been tomiciced for five years.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been tomiciced for five years.'
b"The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries thual.'
b"The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries thual.'
b"The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more thual.'
b"The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more thual.'
b"The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too neshery.'
b"The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too neshery.'
b"The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too neshery.'
b"The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too neshery.'
b"The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes"	b'.'
b"The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes"	b'.'
b"The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes"	b'have gotten very antersely.'
b"The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens"	b'have gotten very antersely.'
b'The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very antersely.'
b'The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very antersely.'
b"The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped.'
b"The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands"	b'when the wind stopped.'
b"The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands"	b'when the wind stopped.'
b"The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped.'
b"The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve apsings old.'
b"The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve apsings old.'
b"The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve apsings old.'
b"The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve apsings old.'
b"The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were tomicicked within weeks.'
b"The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were tomicicked within weeks.'
b"The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were tomiciced within weeks.'
b"The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were tomiciced within weeks.'
b"The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks.'
b"The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks.'
b"The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks.'
b"The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks.'
b"The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists"	b'rephthed two years ago.'
b"The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish"	b'rephthed two years ago.'
b"The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish"	b'rephthed two years ago.'
b"The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists"	b'rephthed two years ago.'
b'The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b"The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars"	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b"The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists"	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of dingness in it.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of dingness in it.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of dingnes in it.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of dingnes in it.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be coatlier.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be coatlier.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be coatly.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be coatly.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. The meaning of thmess is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve thmes him hugely.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the rephth.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. The meaning of thmess is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve thmes him hugely.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the rephth.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of thmess is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred thmes him hugely.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the rephth.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of thmess is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred thmes him hugely.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the rephth.'
b"The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'pulste a hole.'
b"The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'pulste a hole.'
b"The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'pulste a hole.'
b"The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'pulste a hole.'
b"The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of dingness.'
b"The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of dingness.'
b"The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of dingness.'
b"The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of dingness.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. The meaning of thmess is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'thmes him hugely.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. The meaning of thmess is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'thmes him hugely.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of thmess is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'thmes him hugely.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of thmess is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'thmes him hugely.'
b"The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too fisone.'
b"The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too fisone.'
b"The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too fisone.'
b"The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too fisone.'
b'The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks istrified on her.'
b'The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks istrified on her.'
b"The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks istrified on her.'
b"The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks istrified on her.'
b"The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ewism.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ewism.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ewism.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ewism.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'mnity the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'mnity the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'mnity the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'mnity the final report on the case.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was oseish.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was oseish.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was oseisher.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was oseisher.'
b'The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing catlet.'
b'The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing catlet.'
b'The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing catlet.'
b'The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing catlet.'
b"The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was unsibioned.'
b"The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was unsibioned.'
b"The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was unsibioned.'
b"The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was unsibioned.'
b'The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was photoust.'
b'The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was photoust.'
b'The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was photoust.'
b'The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was photoust.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students .\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch. osigicking The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students .\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat. osigicking The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'sechly.'
b"The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'sechly.'
b"The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'sechly.'
b"The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'sechly.'
b"The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a derinessy look.'
b"The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a derinessy look.'
b"The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a derinessy look.'
b"The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a derinessy look.'
b"The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs fordiones.'
b"The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path .\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs fordiones.'
b"The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs fordiones.'
b"The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake .\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs fordiones.'
b"The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'uthelys.'
b"The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'uthelys.'
b"The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'uthely.'
b"The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'uthely.'
b"The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were malbory about it.'
b"The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were malbory about it.'
b"The meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were malbory about it.'
b"The meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were malbory about it.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very entioustic.'
b"The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very entioustic.'
b"The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very entioustic.'
b"The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very entioustic.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
