b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b'Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b'Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b'Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so heavy. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so heavy. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b'Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students'	b'. The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The younger students'	b'. The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students'	b'. The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The older students'	b'. The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The flag'	b'down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag'	b'down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path"	b'. The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The lake"	b'. The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake"	b'. The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The path"	b'. The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska. The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska. The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The foxes'	b'. The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The chickens'	b'. The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The chickens'	b'. The verb to guard means to keep watch over.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The foxes'	b'. The verb to guard means to keep watch over.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of butter in it. The word butter refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of butter in it. The word butter refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of leftovers in it. The word leftover refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of leftovers in it. The word leftover refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be better. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be better. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be unnecessary. The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be unnecessary. The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'admires him hugely. The verb to admire means to feel admiration for.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'admires him hugely. The verb to admire means to feel admiration for.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'influences him hugely. The verb to influence means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'influences him hugely. The verb to influence means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good.'
b'John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment.'
b'John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment.'
b'John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b'John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to take means to take into one's possession."
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to take means to take into one's possession."
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order.'
b'Stretching The woman'	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b'Stretching The girl'	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b'Patting The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b'Patting The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy"	b'toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Toby"	b'toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby"	b'toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Billy"	b'toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'silence. The word silence refers to the absence of sound.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'silence. The word silence refers to the absence of sound.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'concentration. The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'concentration. The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b"bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b"bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were furious about it. The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were furious about it. The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were embarrassed about it. The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were embarrassed about it. The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b"had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b"had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
