b'The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficed.'
b'The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficed.'
b'The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficking.'
b'The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficking.'
b"The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too antroce.'
b"The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too antroce.'
b"The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too antroce.'
b"The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too antroce.'
b"The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word icaldy means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word icaldy means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal.'
b"The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal.'
b"The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal.'
b"The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal.'
b'The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy.'
b'The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy.'
b'The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy.'
b'The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy.'
b'The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was podenow.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet.'
b'The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was podenow.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet.'
b'The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was podenow.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet.'
b'The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was podenow.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet.'
b'The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively.'
b'The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively.'
b'The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively.'
b'The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively.'
b"The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels.'
b"The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels.'
b"The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels.'
b"The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels.'
b'The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had iated the background check.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty.'
b'The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had iated the background check.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty.'
b'The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had iated the background check.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty.'
b'The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had iated the background check.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty.'
b"The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was uthelyed.'
b"The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was uthelyed.'
b"The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was uthely.'
b"The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was uthely.'
b"The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word logely means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was ibranner.'
b"The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word logely means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was ibranner.'
b"The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was ibranner.'
b"The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was ibranner.'
b'The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was immatid.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was immatid.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was immatid.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was immatid.'
b"The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to nihom it.'
b"The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to nihom it.'
b"The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to nihom it.'
b"The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to nihom it.'
b'The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory.\n\nThe meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformis.'
b'The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory.\n\nThe meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformis.'
b'The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory.\n\nThe meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformish.'
b'The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory.\n\nThe meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformish.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish.'
b"The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very nalossy cook.'
b"The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very nalossy cook.'
b"The meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very nalossy cook.'
b"The meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very nalossy cook.'
b'The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced araphad.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced araphad.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced araphad.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced araphad.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had iated the background check.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had iated the background check.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had iated the background check.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had iated the background check.'
b'The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced.'
b'The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy.'
b'The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy.'
b'The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy.'
b'The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy.'
b'The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was nontroust.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating.'
b'The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was nontroust.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating.'
b'The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was nontroust.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating.'
b'The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was nontroust.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating.'
b'The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach.'
b'The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach.'
b'The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach.'
b'The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach.'
b"The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'The meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'The meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper.'
b'The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow.'
b'The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow.'
b'The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow.'
b'The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow.'
b"The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too ocoper.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a itericed memory.'
b"The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too ocoper.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a itericed memory.'
b"The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too ocoper.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a itericed memory.'
b"The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too ocoper.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a itericed memory.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more chratian.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more chratian.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more chratian.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more chratian.'
b"The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very fordione.'
b"The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very fordione.'
b"The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very fordione.'
b"The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very fordione.'
b'The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish.'
b'The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish.'
b'The word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish.'
b'The word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish.'
b"The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth.'
b"The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth.'
b"The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth.'
b"The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth.'
b'The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid.'
b'The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid.'
b'The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid.'
b'The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid.'
b'The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier.'
b'The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier.'
b'The verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier.'
b'The verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier.'
b"The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too patoider.'
b"The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too patoider.'
b"The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too patoider.'
b"The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too patoider.'
b"The verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'anknicked out the heat.'
b"The verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'anknicked out the heat.'
b"The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'anknicked out the heat.'
b"The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'anknicked out the heat.'
b'The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is oringust.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is oringust.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is oringust.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is oringust.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b"The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were uriust.'
b"The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were uriust.'
b"The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were uriust.'
b"The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were uriust.'
b'The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory.'
b'The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory.'
b'The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory.'
b'The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory.'
b'The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad.'
b'The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad.'
b'The meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad.'
b'The meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad.'
b'The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money.'
b'The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money.'
b'The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money.'
b'The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money.'
b'The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas.'
b'The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas.'
b'The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas.'
b'The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas.'
b"The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things.'
b'The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian.'
b'The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian.'
b'The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian.'
b'The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian.'
b"The verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very logely person.'
b"The verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very logely person.'
b"The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very logely person.'
b"The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very logely person.'
b'The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was uthelyed.\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film.'
b'The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was uthelyed.\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film.'
b'The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was uthely.\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film.'
b'The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was uthely.\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film.'
b"The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder.'
b"The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder.'
b"The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder.'
b"The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder.'
b'The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny.'
b'The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny.'
b'The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny.'
b'The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny.'
b"The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan"	b'was ponating.'
b"The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter"	b'was ponating.'
b"The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter"	b'was ponating.'
b"The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan"	b'was ponating.'
b'The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is epultier.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was nontroust.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantly.'
b'The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is epultier.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was nontroust.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantly.'
b'The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is epultier.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was nontroust.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantling.'
b'The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is epultier.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was nontroust.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantling.'
b'The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg.'
b'The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg.'
b'The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg.'
b'The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg.'
b"The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry.'
b"The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry.'
b"The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry.'
b"The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry.'
b'The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size.'
b'The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size.'
b'The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size.'
b'The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size.'
b'The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin.'
b'The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin.'
b'The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin.'
b'The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin.'
b'The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was nontroust.'
b'The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was nontroust.'
b"The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was nontroust.'
b"The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was nontroust.'
b'The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand.'
b'The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand.'
b'The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand.'
b'The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too icatal.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too icatal.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too icatal.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too icatal.'
b'The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned.'
b'The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned.'
b'The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned.'
b'The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned.'
b"The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished anknicking their breakfast.'
b"The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished anknicking their breakfast.'
b"The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe word icaldy means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished anknicking their breakfast.'
b"The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe word icaldy means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished anknicking their breakfast.'
b"The word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too somoce.'
b"The word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too somoce.'
b"The word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too somoce.'
b"The word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too somoce.'
b"The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe word icaldy means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe word icaldy means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen"	b'.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'.'
b'The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'.'
b'The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'.'
b'The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'.'
b"The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin"	b'a apsinging look.'
b"The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam"	b'a apsinging look.'
b'The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a apsing look.'
b'The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a apsing look.'
b"The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is epultier.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge.'
b"The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is epultier.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge.'
b"The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is epultier.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge.'
b"The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is epultier.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge.'
b"The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too ocoper.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too ponating.'
b"The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too ocoper.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too ponating.'
b"The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too ocoper.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too ponating.'
b"The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too ocoper.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too ponating.'
b"The verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was more angenne.'
b"The verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was more angenne.'
b"The verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was more angenne.'
b"The verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was more angenne.'
b"The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too ankniced.'
b"The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too ankniced.'
b"The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too ankniced.'
b"The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too ankniced.'
b"The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah"	b'always got the ibretter cases.'
b"The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria"	b'always got the ibretter cases.'
b"The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria"	b'always got the ibretter cases.'
b"The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah"	b'always got the ibretter cases.'
b'The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce.'
b'The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce.'
b'The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce.'
b'The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce.'
b"The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother iratory.'
b"The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother iratory.'
b"The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother iratory.'
b"The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother iratory.'
b"The verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with.'
b"The verb to fecones means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with.'
b"The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with.'
b"The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are oseisher.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are oseisher.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are oseisher.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are oseisher.'
b"The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly.'
b"The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly.'
b"The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly.'
b"The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced.\n\nThe meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly.'
b'The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust.'
b'The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust.'
b'The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust.'
b'The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust.'
b"The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the aquilly.'
b"The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the aquilly.'
b"The verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the aquilly.'
b"The verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of isetry is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the aquilly.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder.'
b'The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold.'
b'The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold.'
b'The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold.'
b'The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold.'
b"The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was galloiced to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was galloiced to go right to sleep.'
b"The verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was galloiced to go right to sleep.'
b"The verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was galloiced to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too galloiced to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is annally.'
b"The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too galloiced to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is annally.'
b"The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too galloiced to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is annally.'
b"The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too galloiced to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is annally.'
b"The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ofisty.'
b"The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ofisty.'
b"The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ofisty.'
b"The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ofisty.'
b'The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned.'
b'The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned.'
b'The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned.'
b'The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned.'
b"The meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is aloweny.'
b"The meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is aloweny.'
b"The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is aloweny.'
b"The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is aloweny.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a consuble.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a consuble.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a consuble.'
b"The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a consuble.'
b'The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe word igaliny means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny.'
b'The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe word igaliny means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny.'
b'The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe word igaliny means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny.'
b'The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe word igaliny means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce.'
b"The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was podenow.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria"	b'followed a catlet diet.'
b"The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was podenow.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia"	b'followed a catlet diet.'
b"The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was podenow.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia"	b'followed a catlet diet.'
b"The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was podenow.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria"	b'followed a catlet diet.'
b"The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust.'
b"The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust.'
b"The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust.'
b"The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust.'
b"The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of eartic is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is eartic.'
b"The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of eartic is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is eartic.'
b"The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of eartic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is eartic.'
b"The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of eartic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is eartic.'
b'The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs.'
b'The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs.'
b'The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs.'
b'The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs.'
b'The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged.'
b'The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged.'
b'The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged.'
b'The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged.'
b"The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin"	b'had a very mnity looking presentation.'
b"The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick"	b'had a very mnity looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation.'
b'The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust.'
b'The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust.'
b'The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust.'
b'The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust.'
b"The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was fectosm.'
b"The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was fectosm.'
b"The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was fectosm.'
b"The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was fectosm.'
b"The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes lumoge liquors.'
b"The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes lumoge liquors.'
b"The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes lumoge liquors.'
b"The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes lumoge liquors.'
b'The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b"The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be oloidis.'
b"The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be oloidis.'
b"The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be oloidis.'
b"The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be oloidis.'
b'The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism.'
b'The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism.'
b'The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism.'
b'The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism.'
b'The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod.'
b'The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod.'
b'The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod.'
b'The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod.'
b'The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very fordione.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroted with nutrients.'
b'The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very fordione.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroted with nutrients.'
b'The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very fordione.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroting with nutrients.'
b'The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very fordione.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroting with nutrients.'
b'The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day.'
b'The verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day.'
b'The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day.'
b'The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day.'
b"The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more iratory.'
b'The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid.\n\nThe meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more iratory.'
b"The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent"	b'is more iratory.'
b"The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of cymid is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid.\n\nThe verb to imantly means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door"	b'is more iratory.'
b'The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurisher.'
b'The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurisher.'
b'The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurish.'
b'The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurish.'
b"The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is cisher.'
b"The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is cisher.'
b'The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is cisher.'
b'The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is cisher.'
b'The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath.'
b'The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath.'
b'The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath.'
b'The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too lemird.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too lemird.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too lemird.'
b"The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too lemird.'
b'The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intallys.'
b'The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intallys.'
b'The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intally.'
b'The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intally.'
b'The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked.'
b'The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked.'
b'The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked.'
b'The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked.'
b'The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall.'
b"The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees"	b'galloic their leaves in fall.'
b"The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod.\n\nThe verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees"	b'galloic their leaves in fall.'
b"The meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was uriust.'
b"The meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was uriust.'
b"The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was urius.'
b"The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was urius.'
b"The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the deriness.'
b"The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the deriness.'
b"The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the deriness.'
b"The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nThe meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the deriness.'
b"The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was dudiced.'
b"The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was dudiced.'
b"The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was dudiced.'
b"The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nThe meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was dudiced.'
b"The meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is oringust.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a anterseler stick.'
b"The meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is oringust.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a anterseler stick.'
b"The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is oringust.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a anterseler stick.'
b"The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is oringust.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a anterseler stick.'
b"The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room"	b'was uriuster.'
b"The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom"	b'was uriuster.'
b"The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom"	b'was uriuster.'
b"The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room"	b'was uriuster.'
b'The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet.'
b"The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too lumoge.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently iltry a position.'
b"The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too lumoge.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently iltry a position.'
b"The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too lumoge.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently iltry a position.'
b"The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too lumoge.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently iltry a position.'
b'The meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The meaning of mnity is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty"	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha"	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is unscranty.'
b"The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is unscranty.'
b"The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is unscranty.'
b"The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth.\n\nThe meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is unscranty.'
b'The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is oringust.'
b'The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is oringust.'
b"The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page"	b'is oringust.'
b"The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nThe meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list"	b'is oringust.'
b'The meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow.'
b'The meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow.'
b'The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow.'
b'The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nThe meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier.'
b'The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal.'
b'The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal.'
b'The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal.'
b'The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal.'
b"The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory.\n\nThe meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of trubly is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task.'
b'The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very fordione.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before.'
b'The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very fordione.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before.'
b'The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very fordione.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before.'
b'The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very fordione.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before.'
b'The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust.'
b'The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust.'
b'The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust.'
b'The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust.'
b"The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots"	b'were torpropal.'
b"The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts"	b'were torpropal.'
b"The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts"	b'were torpropal.'
b"The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots"	b'were torpropal.'
b'The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too icatal.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather.'
b"The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too icatal.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather.'
b"The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too icatal.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather.'
b"The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too icatal.\n\nThe word ephilly refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather.'
b'The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b"The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept uncensoned.'
b"The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept uncensoned.'
b"The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept uncensoned.'
b"The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept uncensoned.'
b'The word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word antroce means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word antroce means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful.'
b'The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet.'
b'The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid.'
b'The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid.'
b'The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid.'
b'The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nThe meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid.'
b"The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nThe word deriness refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.'
b'The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.'
b'The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.'
b'The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned.\n\nThe verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.'
b"The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock"	b'was icaldy.'
b"The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nThe word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete"	b'was icaldy.'
b"The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete"	b'was icaldy.'
b"The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to ewism means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to oydrot means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nThe word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock"	b'was icaldy.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nThe verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'The meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet.'
b'The meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet.'
b'The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet.'
b'The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe verb to erfic means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet.'
b"The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe word logely means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe word logely means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before.\n\nThe meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable"	b'previously.'
b'The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow.'
b'The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow.'
b'The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow.'
b'The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble.\n\nThe verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it.\n\nThe meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow.'
b"The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'croptioned the color of their eyes.'
b"The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nThe word uncensoned means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'croptioned the color of their eyes.'
b"The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'croptioned the color of their eyes.'
b"The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nThe meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nThe meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nThe word uncensoned means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned.\n\nThe meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'croptioned the color of their eyes.'
b'The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was uthelyed.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm.'
b'The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was uthelyed.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm.'
b'The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was uthely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm.'
b'The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nThe meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was uthely.\n\nThe meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm.'
b'The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian.'
b'The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian.'
b'The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian.'
b'The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively.\n\nThe meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nThe meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian.'
b"The verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick"	b'is logely.'
b"The verb to anknic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig"	b'is logely.'
b"The verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig"	b'is logely.'
b"The verb to anknic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked.\n\nThe meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick"	b'is logely.'
