b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoned.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoned.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoning.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoning.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too redle.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too redle.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too redle.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too redle.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was pated.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was pated.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was patory.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was patory.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectis.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectis.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectish.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectish.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very epticed cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very epticed cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very epticed cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very epticed cook.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had promated the background check.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had promated the background check.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had promated the background check.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had promated the background check.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very sallag.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very sallag.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very sallag.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very sallag.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already unher.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already unher.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already unher.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already unher.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very patory.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very patory.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very patory.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very patory.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very pected.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very pected.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very pected.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very pected.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too ectish.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too ectish.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too ectish.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too ectish.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more promatic.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more promatic.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more promatic.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more promatic.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just antry some money.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just antry some money.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just antry some money.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just antry some money.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a sallag amount of gas.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a sallag amount of gas.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a sallag amount of gas.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a sallag amount of gas.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'chismd the original language of the film.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'chismd the original language of the film.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'chismd the original language of the film.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'chismd the original language of the film.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pected.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pected.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pecteing.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pecteing.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished unher their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished unher their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished unher their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished unher their breakfast.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south'	b'.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north'	b'.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north'	b'.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south'	b'.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a mitid look.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a mitid look.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a mitid look.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a mitid look.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too acenty.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother tione.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother tione.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother tione.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother tione.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the enesh.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the enesh.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the enesh.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the enesh.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was chism to go right to sleep.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was chism to go right to sleep.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was chism to go right to sleep.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was chism to go right to sleep.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen .\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is ander.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen .\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is ander.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom .\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is ander.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom .\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is ander.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is ander.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is ander.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is ander.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is ander.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promat diet.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promat diet.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promatic diet.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promatic diet.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is heropal.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is heropal.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is heropal.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is heropal.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was antry.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was antry.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was antry.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was antry.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are oventier.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are oventier.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are oventy.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are oventy.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is enesh.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is enesh.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is eneshed.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is eneshed.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too acenty.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too acenty.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too acenty.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too acenty.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her ines.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her ines.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her iness.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her iness.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was oventy.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was oventy.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was ovent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was ovent.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the tionee.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the tionee.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the tionee.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the tionee.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a redle stick.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a redle stick.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a redle stick.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a redle stick.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'menoned the peace and quiet.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'menoned the peace and quiet.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'menoned the peace and quiet.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'menoned the peace and quiet.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams .\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams .\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn .\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn .\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is epticed.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is epticed.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is epticed.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is epticed.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could acent the animal.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could acent the animal.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could acent the animal.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could acent the animal.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too chism to be useful.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too chism to be useful.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too chism to be useful.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too chism to be useful.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'redles during the field raid.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'redles during the field raid.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'redles during the field raid.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'redles during the field raid.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams .\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams .\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn .\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn .\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were articed.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were articed.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were articed.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were articed.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen .\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen .\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom .\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom .\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy.'
