b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of sallag is similar to never.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of sallag is similar to never.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals. The meaning of sallag is similar to frequently.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals. The meaning of sallag is similar to frequently.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to cheap.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to cheap.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to expensive.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to expensive.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of proma is similar to pass.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of proma is similar to pass.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of proma is similar to fail.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of proma is similar to fail.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color. The meaning of unher is similar to colorful.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color. The meaning of unher is similar to colorful.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of unher is similar to plain.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of unher is similar to plain.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of pected is similar to hot.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of pected is similar to hot.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of pected is similar to cold.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of pected is similar to cold.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of ectish is similar to bitter.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of ectish is similar to bitter.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef"	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of ectish is similar to savory.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro"	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of ectish is similar to savory.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of unher is similar to keep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of unher is similar to keep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of unher is similar to let.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of unher is similar to let.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of undom is similar to shame."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of undom is similar to shame."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of undom is similar to anger."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of undom is similar to anger."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of chism is similar to nice.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of chism is similar to nice.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of chism is similar to nasty.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of chism is similar to nasty.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason"	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence"	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of antry is similar to shallow.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of antry is similar to shallow.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of antry is similar to deep.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of antry is similar to deep.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of caling is similar to loose.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of caling is similar to loose.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of caling is similar to tight.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of caling is similar to tight.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south'	b'. The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north'	b'. The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north'	b'. The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south'	b'. The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of chism is similar to nice.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of chism is similar to nice.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of chism is similar to nasty.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of chism is similar to nasty.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to big.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to big.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable."
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable."
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable."
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of enesh is similar to short.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of enesh is similar to short.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of enesh is similar to long.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of enesh is similar to long.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of promat is similar to crash.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of promat is similar to crash.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of promatic is similar to healthy.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of promatic is similar to healthy.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer. The meaning of alind is similar to send.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer. The meaning of alind is similar to send.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of alind is similar to receive.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of alind is similar to receive.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of menon is similar to need.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of menon is similar to need.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of menon is similar to have.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of menon is similar to have.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b"was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey."
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b"was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey."
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable."
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of menon is similar to need.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of menon is similar to need.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of menon is similar to have.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of menon is similar to have.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of enesh is similar to patience.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of enesh is similar to patience.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability. The meaning of enesh is similar to aptitude.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability. The meaning of enesh is similar to aptitude.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of redle is similar to stay.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of redle is similar to stay.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly. The meaning of redle is similar to flee.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly. The meaning of redle is similar to flee.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of epticed is similar to heavy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of epticed is similar to heavy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of epticed is similar to light.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of epticed is similar to light.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.'
