b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.'
b"When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.'
b"When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.'
b"When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.'
b"When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of sallag is similar to never.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of sallag is similar to never.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals. The meaning of sallag is similar to frequently.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals. The meaning of sallag is similar to frequently.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to cheap.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to cheap.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to expensive.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to expensive.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of proma is similar to pass.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of proma is similar to pass.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of proma is similar to fail.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of proma is similar to fail.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of enesh is similar to patience.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of enesh is similar to patience.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability. The meaning of enesh is similar to aptitude.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability. The meaning of enesh is similar to aptitude.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of proma is similar to pass.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of proma is similar to pass.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of proma is similar to fail.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of proma is similar to fail.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.'
b"In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate"	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.'
b"In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel"	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.'
b"In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel"	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.'
b"In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate"	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy 's face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of undom is similar to shame.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy 's face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of undom is similar to shame.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick 's face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of undom is similar to anger.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to big.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick 's face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of undom is similar to anger.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to big.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom"	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color. The meaning of unher is similar to colorful.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom"	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color. The meaning of unher is similar to colorful.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom"	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of unher is similar to plain.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom"	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of unher is similar to plain.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil"	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William"	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William"	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil"	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of unher is similar to keep.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of pected is similar to hot.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of unher is similar to keep.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of pected is similar to hot.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of unher is similar to let.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of pected is similar to cold.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of unher is similar to let.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of pected is similar to cold.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of ectish is similar to bitter.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of ectish is similar to bitter.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef"	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of ectish is similar to savory.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro"	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of ectish is similar to savory.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.'
b"The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors"	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.'
b"The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks"	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.'
b"The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks"	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.'
b"The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors"	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of unher is similar to keep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of unher is similar to keep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of unher is similar to let.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of unher is similar to let.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of undom is similar to shame."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of undom is similar to shame."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of undom is similar to anger."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of undom is similar to anger."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.'
b"Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton"	b'was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.'
b"Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool"	b'was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of chism is similar to nice.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of promat is similar to crash.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of chism is similar to nice.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of promat is similar to crash.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of chism is similar to nasty.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of promatic is similar to healthy.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of chism is similar to nasty.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of promatic is similar to healthy.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.'
b"She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car"	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.'
b"She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck"	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.'
b"She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck"	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.'
b"She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car"	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason"	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence"	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of antry is similar to shallow.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of antry is similar to shallow.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of antry is similar to deep.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of antry is similar to deep.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color. The meaning of unher is similar to colorful.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color. The meaning of unher is similar to colorful.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of unher is similar to plain.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of unher is similar to plain.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls"	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters"	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of caling is similar to loose.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of caling is similar to loose.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of caling is similar to tight.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of caling is similar to tight.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of sallag is similar to never.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of sallag is similar to never.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals. The meaning of sallag is similar to frequently.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals. The meaning of sallag is similar to frequently.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of sallag is similar to never.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen"	b'. The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of sallag is similar to never.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom"	b'. The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals. The meaning of sallag is similar to frequently.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom"	b'. The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals. The meaning of sallag is similar to frequently.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen"	b'. The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south"	b'. The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north"	b'. The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of alind is similar to sun.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north"	b'. The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south"	b'. The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of alind is similar to snow.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin"	b'a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of dected is similar to thin.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam"	b'a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam"	b'a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of dected is similar to wide.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin"	b'a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of chism is similar to nice.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of chism is similar to nice.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of chism is similar to nasty.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of chism is similar to nasty.'
b"The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b"The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b"The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.'
b"The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food. The meaning of unher is similar to eat.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids. The meaning of unher is similar to drink.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to cheap.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to cheap.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to expensive.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to expensive.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of enesh is similar to short.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of enesh is similar to short.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of enesh is similar to long.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of enesh is similar to long.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.'
b"The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.'
b"The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.'
b"The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.'
b"The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to big.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to big.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of promatic is similar to always.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of promatic is similar to never.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable."
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable."
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable."
b"The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.'
b"The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.'
b"The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.'
b"The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.'
b"Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.'
b"Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of unressy is similar to mild.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of unressy is similar to straight.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.'
b"Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.'
b"Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to heavy.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of ander is similar to long.'
b"Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.'
b"Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of inessy is similar to light.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ander is similar to short.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of enesh is similar to short.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of inessy is similar to clean.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of enesh is similar to short.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of enesh is similar to long.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of inessy is similar to dirty.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of enesh is similar to long.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to preparation.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of acent is similar to distribution.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of enesh is similar to patience.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of enesh is similar to patience.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability. The meaning of enesh is similar to aptitude.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability. The meaning of enesh is similar to aptitude.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of promat is similar to crash.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of promat is similar to crash.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of promatic is similar to healthy.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of promatic is similar to healthy.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of articed is similar to weak.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of articed is similar to strong.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ander is similar to cool.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ander is similar to hot.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of proma is similar to pass.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of proma is similar to pass.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of proma is similar to fail.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of proma is similar to fail.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epticed is similar to little.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of polly is similar to beat.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of polly is similar to treat.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia"	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica"	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica"	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia"	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to low.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of undom is similar to high.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of pected is similar to hot.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of pected is similar to hot.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of pected is similar to cold.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water"	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of pected is similar to cold.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer"	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer. The meaning of alind is similar to send.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer. The meaning of alind is similar to send.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of alind is similar to receive.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of alind is similar to receive.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of menon is similar to need.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of oventy is similar to tough.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. The meaning of chism is similar to limited.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of menon is similar to need.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of menon is similar to have.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of oventy is similar to soft.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large. The meaning of chism is similar to substantial.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of menon is similar to have.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of epticed is similar to heavy.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of undom is similar to viscous.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of epticed is similar to heavy.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of epticed is similar to light.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of undom is similar to fluid.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of epticed is similar to light.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of redle is similar to stay.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of redle is similar to stay.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to right.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly. The meaning of redle is similar to flee.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus"	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly. The meaning of redle is similar to flee.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of inessy is similar to wrong.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose"	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of promatic is similar to cheap.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of promatic is similar to strong.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.'
b"Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures"	b'because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.'
b"Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of patory is similar to clear.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of sallag is similar to student.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of enesh is similar to coach.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants"	b'because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.'
b"Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants"	b'because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.'
b"Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of patory is similar to dark.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of sallag is similar to plumber.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of enesh is similar to athlete.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures"	b'because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of enesh is similar to leaky.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of enesh is similar to seal.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups"	b'are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of alind is similar to bad.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to big.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups"	b'are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of iness is similar to ab.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities. The meaning of alind is similar to fresh.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of redle is similar to small.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of iness is similar to chest.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color. The meaning of unher is similar to colorful.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color. The meaning of unher is similar to colorful.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of unher is similar to plain.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of unher is similar to plain.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of epticed is similar to wet.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of antry is similar to flexible.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of caling is similar to massive.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to on.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. The meaning of antry is similar to inflexible.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The meaning of mitid is similar to off.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.'
b"My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.'
b"My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of redle is similar to smooth.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of mitid is similar to wither.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.'
b"My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.'
b"My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of redle is similar to rough.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of mitid is similar to sympathetic.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of ectish is similar to bitter.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of ectish is similar to bitter.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of ectish is similar to savory.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of ectish is similar to savory.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.'
b"Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.'
b"Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.'
b"Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b"was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey."
b"Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b"was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey."
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of oventy is similar to dirty.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of oventy is similar to clean.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan"	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of caling is similar to full.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha"	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha"	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of caling is similar to hungry.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan"	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to big.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha"	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unbum is similar to inexpensive.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of redle is similar to tall.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty"	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty"	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable."
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The meaning of unbum is similar to pricy.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of redle is similar to short.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha"	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable."
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of promatic is similar to hard.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of promatic is similar to soft.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of menon is similar to like.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of polly is similar to flat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of sallag is similar to long.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of menon is similar to hate.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of polly is similar to fat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of sallag is similar to short.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of menon is similar to need.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of menon is similar to need.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of ingly is similar to attend.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of epticed is similar to bad.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of menon is similar to have.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of menon is similar to have.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of ingly is similar to judge.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of epticed is similar to good.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of promatic is similar to empty.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of promatic is similar to full.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.'
b"Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena"	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.'
b"Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of ectis is similar to sell.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia"	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of acent is similar to sell.'
b"Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia"	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.'
b"Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of ectis is similar to buy.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to large.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena"	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of acent is similar to buy.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of chism is similar to hot.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of antry is similar to inherit.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of dected is similar to bad.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of chism is similar to soft.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of antry is similar to lose.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of dected is similar to well.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of antry is similar to shallow.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of enesh is similar to patience.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of antry is similar to shallow.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. The meaning of oventy is similar to old.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of enesh is similar to patience.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of antry is similar to deep.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability. The meaning of enesh is similar to aptitude.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of antry is similar to deep.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of oventy is similar to new.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability. The meaning of enesh is similar to aptitude.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of ectish is similar to bitter.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica"	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of sallag is similar to firm.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. The meaning of unbum is similar to awkward.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of ectish is similar to bitter.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to small.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie"	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of ectish is similar to savory.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to big.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie"	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of sallag is similar to soft.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of unbum is similar to complete.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of ectish is similar to savory.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of menoned is similar to big.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica"	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of pected is similar to hot.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of redle is similar to carrot.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of pected is similar to hot.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.'
b"My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of pected is similar to cold.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig"	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.'
b"My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of redle is similar to hockey.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of pected is similar to cold.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven"	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.'
b"They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots"	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.'
b"They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of redle is similar to capable.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunset.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts"	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid. The meaning of redle is similar to scared.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day. The meaning of tionee is similar to sunrise.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya"	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of undom is similar to darker.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina"	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina"	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of undom is similar to light.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya"	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to cheap.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to cheap.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of patory is similar to good.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to large.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of unbum is similar to hate.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to expensive.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of unressy is similar to expensive.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. The meaning of patory is similar to poor.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of sallag is similar to small.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unbum is similar to love.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to big.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chism is similar to lose.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of sallag is similar to hard.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The meaning of chism is similar to keep.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of sallag is similar to easy.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words. The meaning of antry is similar to say.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to low.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of iness is similar to sausage.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to inside.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of antry is similar to hear.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of polly is similar to high.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of iness is similar to pepperoni.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building. The meaning of unressy is similar to outside.'
b"James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily"	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.'
b"James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of heropal is similar to strong.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to blind.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of tione is similar to first.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of pation is similar to employ.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha"	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.'
b"James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha"	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.'
b"James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of heropal is similar to soft.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see. The meaning of oventy is similar to sighted.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of tione is similar to later.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of patory is similar to unemployed.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily"	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone"	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of articed is similar to addictive.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of menoned is similar to dark.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to small.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television"	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to large.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television"	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of articed is similar to boring.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of menoned is similar to light.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to big.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone"	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of chism is similar to small.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of oventy is similar to cheap.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to small.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of epticed is similar to deep.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ingly is similar to big.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan"	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of oventy is similar to permanent.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unbum is similar to big.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of epticed is similar to shallow.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of ingly is similar to short.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig"	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.'
b"After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary"	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.'
b"After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small. The meaning of unressy is similar to tiny.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of polly is similar to expect.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel"	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.'
b"After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel"	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.'
b"After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of unressy is similar to huge.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of polly is similar to give.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary"	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.'
b"The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy 's face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of undom is similar to shame.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica"	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of redle is similar to stay.'
b"The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to small.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy 's face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of undom is similar to shame.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. The meaning of sallag is similar to materialistic.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah"	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of redle is similar to stay.'
b"The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick 's face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of undom is similar to anger.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah"	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly. The meaning of redle is similar to flee.'
b"The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of mitid is similar to big.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick 's face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of undom is similar to anger.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of sallag is similar to realistic.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica"	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly. The meaning of redle is similar to flee.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of chism is similar to appreciate.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of articed is similar to itchy.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of pected is similar to unemployed.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The meaning of heropal is similar to rich.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of polly is similar to make.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of chism is similar to criticize.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of articed is similar to comfortable.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed. The meaning of pecte is similar to work.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of heropal is similar to poor.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food. The meaning of polly is similar to eat.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of enesh is similar to short.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of promat is similar to crash.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of enesh is similar to short.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to much.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of promat is similar to crash.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small. The meaning of inessy is similar to tiny.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of alind is similar to hot.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of enesh is similar to long.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of promatic is similar to healthy.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of enesh is similar to long.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of articed is similar to little.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of promatic is similar to healthy.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of inessy is similar to huge.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of alind is similar to cooler.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of enesh is similar to forget.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to small.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of sallag is similar to smooth.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of enesh is similar to remember.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of acenty is similar to large.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of ovent is similar to cancel.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The meaning of sallag is similar to abrasive.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of artic is similar to comfort.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of ingly is similar to legally.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized. The meaning of polly is similar to neat.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unbum is similar to soft.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of artic is similar to scold.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner. The meaning of ingly is similar to illegally.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of polly is similar to sloppy.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unbum is similar to hard.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of alind is similar to fill.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of enesh is similar to disgusting.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The meaning of menoned is similar to cautious.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of decte is similar to offer.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of ectish is similar to unhealthy.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without. The meaning of alind is similar to lack.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of enesh is similar to fine.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast. The meaning of menon is similar to race.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of decte is similar to accept.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of ectish is similar to healthy.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of epticed is similar to slippery.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unher is similar to slow.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of inessy is similar to already.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of epticed is similar to dry.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unher is similar to fast.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of inessy is similar to never.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to low.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of heropal is similar to away.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of ectis is similar to contrast.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small. The meaning of promatic is similar to tiny.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect. The meaning of dected is similar to faulty.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of patory is similar to cheap.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of alind is similar to high.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of heropal is similar to long.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of ectish is similar to similar.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of promatic is similar to huge.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of dected is similar to sharp.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of patory is similar to expensive.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer. The meaning of alind is similar to send.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to small.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer. The meaning of alind is similar to send.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of unbum is similar to fast.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of promatic is similar to small.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of antry is similar to likely.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of unress is similar to love.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of alind is similar to receive.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ander is similar to big.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of alind is similar to receive.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of unbum is similar to slow.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of promatic is similar to gigantic.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of antry is similar to unlikely.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of unress is similar to dislike.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of epticed is similar to heavy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of undom is similar to wide.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to late.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of polly is similar to like.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to big.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of epticed is similar to heavy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of epticed is similar to light.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide. The meaning of undom is similar to narrow.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of acenty is similar to early.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of polly is similar to hate.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of caling is similar to small.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of epticed is similar to light.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of chism is similar to able.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of ander is similar to think.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of polly is similar to flimsy.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of oventy is similar to short.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of pecte is similar to baby.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of articed is similar to useless.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of chism is similar to unable.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of ander is similar to explain.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of polly is similar to hard.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of oventy is similar to tall.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of pecte is similar to freedom.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The meaning of articed is similar to useful.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of tione is similar to loud.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of alind is similar to cold.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of patory is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of pation is similar to filter.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of promatic is similar to bland.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of inessy is similar to humble.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of tione is similar to soft.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of alind is similar to warm.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of patory is similar to quiet.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of pation is similar to scrub.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The meaning of promatic is similar to flavorful.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of inessy is similar to arrogant.'
