b'The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were cautious.'
b'The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were cautious.'
b'The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were racing.'
b'The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were racing.'
b"The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too big.'
b"The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too big.'
b"The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too small.'
b"The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too small.'
b"The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too cheap.'
b"The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too cheap.'
b"The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too expensive.'
b"The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too expensive.'
b'The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is thin.'
b'The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is thin.'
b'The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is wide.'
b'The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is wide.'
b'The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was heavier.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was heavier.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was lighter.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was lighter.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too tiny.'
b'The meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too tiny.'
b'The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too huge.'
b'The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too huge.'
b'The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was short.'
b'The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was short.'
b'The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was tall.'
b'The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was tall.'
b"The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had low heels.'
b"The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had low heels.'
b"The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had high heels.'
b"The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had high heels.'
b"The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium"	b'was bigger.'
b"The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park"	b'was bigger.'
b"The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park"	b'was smaller.'
b"The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium"	b'was smaller.'
b"The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was employed.'
b"The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was employed.'
b"The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was unemployed.'
b"The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was unemployed.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was smaller.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was smaller.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was bigger.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was bigger.'
b'The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'thought they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'thought they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'explained they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'explained they were lonely.'
b'The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was big.'
b'The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was big.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was short.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was short.'
b"The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to sell it.'
b"The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to sell it.'
b"The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to buy it.'
b"The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to buy it.'
b'The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that small.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is contrasting.'
b'The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that small.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is contrasting.'
b'The meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that big.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is similar.'
b'The meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that big.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is similar.'
b'The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery.\n\nThe meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose.\n\nThe meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is hard.'
b'The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery.\n\nThe meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose.\n\nThe meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is hard.'
b'The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry.\n\nThe meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight.\n\nThe meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is soft.'
b'The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry.\n\nThe meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight.\n\nThe meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is soft.'
b"The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very bad cook.'
b"The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very bad cook.'
b"The meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very good cook.'
b"The meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very good cook.'
b'The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was inexpensive.'
b'The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was inexpensive.'
b'The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was pricy.'
b'The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was pricy.'
b"The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful.\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had passed the background check.'
b"The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful.\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had passed the background check.'
b"The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had failed the background check.'
b"The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had failed the background check.'
b"The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck"	b'had run more recently.'
b"The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the car"	b'had run more recently.'
b"The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car"	b'had run more recently.'
b"The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck"	b'had run more recently.'
b"The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen"	b'showed up darker.'
b"The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil"	b'showed up darker.'
b"The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil"	b'showed up lighter.'
b"The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen"	b'showed up lighter.'
b"The verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate"	b'was very firm.'
b"The verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel"	b'was very firm.'
b"The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel"	b'was very soft.'
b"The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate"	b'was very soft.'
b'The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand.\n\nThe meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too weak.'
b'The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand.\n\nThe meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too weak.'
b'The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too strong.'
b'The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too strong.'
b'The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big.\n\nThe meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is tough.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a flat stomach.'
b'The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big.\n\nThe meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is tough.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a flat stomach.'
b'The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is soft.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a fat stomach.'
b'The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is soft.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a fat stomach.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of blind is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was blind.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of blind is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was blind.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe meaning of sighted is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was sighted.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe meaning of sighted is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was sighted.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small.\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small.\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big.\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big.\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already colorful.'
b'The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already colorful.'
b'The meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already plain.'
b'The meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already plain.'
b'The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too awkward.'
b"The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too awkward.'
b"The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe verb to drink means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too complete.'
b"The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe verb to drink means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too complete.'
b'The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very embarrassing.'
b'The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very embarrassing.'
b'The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very quiet.'
b'The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very quiet.'
b"The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a faulty memory.'
b"The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a faulty memory.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a sharp memory.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a sharp memory.'
b'The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was heavier.'
b'The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was heavier.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was lighter.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was lighter.'
b"The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very hot.'
b"The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very hot.'
b"The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very cold.'
b"The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very cold.'
b'The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too bitter.'
b'The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too bitter.'
b'The word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too savory.'
b'The word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too savory.'
b"The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me full.'
b"The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me full.'
b"The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me hungry.'
b"The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me hungry.'
b'The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that small.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe meaning of blind is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was blind.'
b'The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that small.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe meaning of blind is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was blind.'
b'The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that big.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe meaning of sighted is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was sighted.'
b'The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that big.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe meaning of sighted is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was sighted.'
b'The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe word away means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks away.\n\nThe meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very firm.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is cheaper.'
b'The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe word away means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks away.\n\nThe meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very firm.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is cheaper.'
b'The verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe word long means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks long.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very soft.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is stronger.'
b'The verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe word long means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks long.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very soft.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is stronger.'
b"The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too mild.'
b"The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too mild.'
b"The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too straight.'
b"The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too straight.'
b"The verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me full.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'kept out the heat.'
b"The verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me full.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'kept out the heat.'
b"The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me hungry.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'let out the heat.'
b"The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me hungry.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'let out the heat.'
b'The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b"The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were old.'
b"The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were old.'
b"The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were new.'
b"The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were new.'
b"The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport"	b'is that small.'
b"The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse"	b'is that small.'
b"The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse"	b'is that big.'
b"The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport"	b'is that big.'
b'The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very unhealthy diet.\n\nThe word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast.\n\nThe word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced low.'
b'The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very unhealthy diet.\n\nThe word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast.\n\nThe word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced low.'
b'The meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very healthy diet.\n\nThe word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nThe verb to drink means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast.\n\nThe word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced high.'
b'The meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very healthy diet.\n\nThe word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nThe verb to drink means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast.\n\nThe word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced high.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small.\n\nThe verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word away means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks away.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them.\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just inherited some money.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small.\n\nThe verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word away means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks away.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them.\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just inherited some money.'
b"The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large.\n\nThe verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word long means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks long.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just lost some money.'
b"The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large.\n\nThe verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word long means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks long.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just lost some money.'
b'The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a large amount of gas.'
b'The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a large amount of gas.'
b'The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a small amount of gas.'
b'The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a small amount of gas.'
b"The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is small.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'said some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is small.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'said some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is big.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'heard some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is big.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'heard some very offensive things.'
b"The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole"	b'was very deep.'
b"The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit"	b'was very deep.'
b"The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit"	b'was very shallow.'
b"The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole"	b'was very shallow.'
b"The verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very clean person.'
b"The verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very clean person.'
b"The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very dirty person.'
b"The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very dirty person.'
b'The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful.\n\nThe verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'appreciated the original language of the film.'
b'The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful.\n\nThe verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'appreciated the original language of the film.'
b'The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'criticized the original language of the film.'
b'The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'criticized the original language of the film.'
b"The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is shallower.'
b"The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is shallower.'
b"The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is deeper.'
b"The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is deeper.'
b"The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was flimsy.'
b"The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was flimsy.'
b"The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was hard.'
b"The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was hard.'
b'The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was hot.'
b'The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was hot.'
b'The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was soft.'
b'The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was soft.'
b'The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very firm.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently unemployed.'
b'The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very firm.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently unemployed.'
b'The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very soft.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently working.'
b'The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very soft.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently working.'
b'The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is strong.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is small.'
b'The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is strong.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is small.'
b'The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is soft.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is big.'
b'The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is soft.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is big.'
b"The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was smooth.'
b"The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was smooth.'
b"The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was rough.'
b"The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was rough.'
b'The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the right size.'
b'The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the right size.'
b'The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the wrong size.'
b'The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the wrong size.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to attend.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to attend.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to judge.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to judge.'
b'The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was deep.'
b'The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was deep.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was little.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was little.'
b'The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had passed the background check.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in low demand.'
b'The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had passed the background check.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in low demand.'
b'The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had failed the background check.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in high demand.'
b'The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had failed the background check.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in high demand.'
b"The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too tiny.'
b"The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too tiny.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too huge.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too huge.'
b'The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too loose.'
b'The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too loose.'
b'The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too tight.'
b'The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too tight.'
b"The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished eating their breakfast.'
b"The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished eating their breakfast.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive.\n\nThe verb to drink means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished drinking their breakfast.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive.\n\nThe verb to drink means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished drinking their breakfast.'
b"The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too much.'
b"The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too much.'
b"The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too little.'
b"The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too little.'
b"The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen"	b'.'
b"The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the bedroom"	b'.'
b"The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom"	b'.'
b"The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the kitchen"	b'.'
b"The word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south'	b'.'
b'The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the north'	b'.'
b"The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north"	b'.'
b"The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the south"	b'.'
b"The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin"	b'a withering look.'
b"The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam"	b'a withering look.'
b'The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b'The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b"The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too mild.\n\nThe verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too small.'
b"The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too mild.\n\nThe verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too small.'
b"The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too straight.\n\nThe verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too large.'
b"The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too straight.\n\nThe verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too large.'
b'The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too big.'
b'The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too big.'
b'The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too small.'
b'The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too small.'
b"The verb to eat means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very unhealthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nThe verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was nicer.'
b"The verb to eat means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very unhealthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nThe verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was nicer.'
b"The verb to drink means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was nastier.'
b"The verb to drink means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was nastier.'
b'The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too small.'
b'The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too small.'
b'The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too large.'
b'The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too large.'
b'The meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the harder cases.'
b'The meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the harder cases.'
b'The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the easier cases.'
b'The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the easier cases.'
b"The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed.\n\nThe verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil"	b'was too viscous.'
b"The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed.\n\nThe verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water"	b'was too viscous.'
b"The verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed.\n\nThe verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water"	b'was too fluid.'
b"The verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed.\n\nThe verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil"	b'was too fluid.'
b"The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother first.'
b"The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother first.'
b"The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother later.'
b"The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother later.'
b"The verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have babies with.'
b"The verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have babies with.'
b"The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with.'
b"The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with.'
b'The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are smaller.'
b'The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are smaller.'
b'The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are bigger.'
b'The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are bigger.'
b"The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too wide.'
b"The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too wide.'
b"The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too narrow.'
b"The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too narrow.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is tough.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is tough.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is soft.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is soft.'
b"The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the coach.'
b"The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of limited is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the coach.'
b"The verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the athlete.'
b"The verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of substantial is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the athlete.'
b'The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very small bladder.'
b'The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very small bladder.'
b'The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very big bladder.'
b'The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very big bladder.'
b'The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was always cold.'
b'The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was always cold.'
b'The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was never cold.'
b'The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was never cold.'
b"The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was capable of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was capable of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was scared of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was scared of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was able to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was able to go right to sleep.'
b"The verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was unable to go right to sleep.'
b"The verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was unable to go right to sleep.'
b'The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of blind is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was blind.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is small.'
b'The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of blind is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was blind.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is small.'
b'The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of sighted is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was sighted.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is big.'
b'The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of sighted is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was sighted.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is big.'
b"The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too cold.'
b"The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too cold.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too warm.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too warm.'
b'The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was soft.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of rich is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was rich.'
b'The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was soft.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of rich is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was rich.'
b'The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was hard.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was poor.'
b'The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was hard.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was poor.'
b"The meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is long.'
b"The meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is long.'
b"The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is short.'
b"The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is short.'
b"The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a student.'
b"The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a student.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a plumber.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a plumber.'
b'The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe word away means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks away.'
b'The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe word away means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks away.'
b'The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe word long means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks long.'
b'The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe word long means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks long.'
b"The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone"	b'was always on.'
b"The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop"	b'was always on.'
b"The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop"	b'was always off.'
b"The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone"	b'was always off.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a crash diet.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a crash diet.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a healthy diet.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a healthy diet.'
b"The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too massive.'
b"The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too massive.'
b"The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too small.'
b"The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too small.'
b'The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is strong.'
b'The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is strong.'
b'The verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is soft.'
b'The verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is soft.'
b'The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to beat the dogs.'
b'The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to beat the dogs.'
b'The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to treat the dogs.'
b'The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to treat the dogs.'
b'The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was likely to be damaged.'
b'The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was likely to be damaged.'
b'The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was unlikely to be damaged.'
b'The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was unlikely to be damaged.'
b"The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin"	b'had a very neat looking presentation.'
b"The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick"	b'had a very neat looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation.'
b'The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is strong.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too small.'
b'The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is strong.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too small.'
b'The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is soft.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too big.'
b'The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is soft.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too big.'
b"The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels.\n\nThe meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was flexible.'
b"The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels.\n\nThe meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was flexible.'
b"The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels.\n\nThe meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was inflexible.'
b"The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels.\n\nThe meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was inflexible.'
b'The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes clear liquors.'
b'The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes clear liquors.'
b'The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes dark liquors.'
b'The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes dark liquors.'
b'The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had passed the background check.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had passed the background check.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had failed the background check.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had failed the background check.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b"The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be filtered.'
b"The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be filtered.'
b"The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be scrubbed.'
b"The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be scrubbed.'
b'The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is tough.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too tiny.'
b'The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is tough.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too tiny.'
b'The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is soft.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too huge.'
b'The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is soft.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too huge.'
b'The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand.\n\nThe meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was empty.'
b'The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand.\n\nThe meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was empty.'
b'The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand.\n\nThe meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was full.'
b'The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand.\n\nThe meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was full.'
b'The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very hot.\n\nThe verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was filled with nutrients.'
b'The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very hot.\n\nThe verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was filled with nutrients.'
b'The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very cold.\n\nThe verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was lacking with nutrients.'
b'The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very cold.\n\nThe verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was lacking with nutrients.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason"	b'received the rent for the apartment each month.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett"	b'received the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'needed the money that day.'
b'The verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery.\n\nThe meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin.\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'needed the money that day.'
b'The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'had the money that day.'
b'The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'had the money that day.'
b"The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth.\n\nThe meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough.\n\nThe meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough.\n\nThe meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'The verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already dry.'
b'The verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already dry.'
b'The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big.\n\nThe meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already wet.'
b'The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big.\n\nThe meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already wet.'
b'The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is taller.'
b'The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is taller.'
b'The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is shorter.'
b'The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nThe verb to work means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is shorter.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of rich is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was rich.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures"	b'because they are cheaper.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of rich is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was rich.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants"	b'because they are cheaper.'
b"The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was poor.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants"	b'because they are permanent.'
b"The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was poor.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures"	b'because they are permanent.'
b'The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is small.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is leaky.'
b'The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is small.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is leaky.'
b'The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is big.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is sealed.'
b'The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is big.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is sealed.'
b'The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had bad breath.'
b'The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had bad breath.'
b'The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had fresh breath.'
b'The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of fresh is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had fresh breath.'
b"The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too big.'
b"The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too big.'
b"The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too small.'
b"The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe word frequently means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too small.'
b'The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her abs.'
b'The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her abs.'
b'The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her chest.'
b'The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her chest.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now legally parked.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now legally parked.'
b'The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now illegally parked.'
b'The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now illegally parked.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe verb to keep means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall.'
b"The meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student.\n\nThe meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was short.'
b"The meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student.\n\nThe meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was short.'
b"The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber.\n\nThe meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was canceled.'
b"The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber.\n\nThe meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was canceled.'
b"The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the sunset.'
b"The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid.\n\nThe word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the sunset.'
b"The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the sunrise.'
b"The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid.\n\nThe word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north .\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the sunrise.'
b"The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was bland.'
b"The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was bland.'
b"The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was flavorful.'
b"The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was flavorful.'
b"The meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a carrot stick.'
b"The meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long.\n\nThe word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a carrot stick.'
b"The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a hockey stick.'
b"The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short.\n\nThe word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a hockey stick.'
b'The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was dirtier.'
b'The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was dirtier.'
b'The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was cleaner.'
b'The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was cleaner.'
b'The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'liked the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'liked the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'hated the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'hated the peace and quiet.'
b'The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently offered a position.'
b'The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently offered a position.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently accepted a position.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently accepted a position.'
b'The meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful.\n\nThe meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The meaning of neat is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe verb to send means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to need means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful.\n\nThe meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain.\n\nThe meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty"	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of pricy is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain.\n\nThe meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Samantha"	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me full.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is slippery.'
b"The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me full.\n\nThe meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is slippery.'
b"The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me hungry.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is dry.'
b"The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me hungry.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is dry.'
b'The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nThe verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position.\n\nThe meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is long.'
b'The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nThe verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position.\n\nThe meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is long.'
b"The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nThe verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page"	b'is short.'
b"The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nThe verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position.\n\nThe meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list"	b'is short.'
b'The meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was addictive.'
b'The meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was addictive.'
b'The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was boring.'
b'The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was boring.'
b'The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was bigger.'
b'The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was bigger.'
b'The verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was smaller.'
b'The verb to lack means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was smaller.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could sell the animal.'
b'The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nThe verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could sell the animal.'
b'The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could buy the animal.'
b'The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nThe verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could buy the animal.'
b"The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the patience needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe meaning of old is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the patience needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe word aptitude refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task.'
b"The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was heavier.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica"	b'had gone to bed late the night before.'
b"The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe meaning of colorful is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was heavier.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie"	b'had gone to bed late the night before.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain.\n\nThe meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was lighter.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie"	b'had gone to bed early the night before.'
b"The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain.\n\nThe meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was lighter.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica"	b'had gone to bed early the night before.'
b"The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven"	b'is very materialistic.'
b"The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked.\n\nThe verb to say means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of faulty is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small.\n\nThe meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig"	b'is very materialistic.'
b"The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig"	b'is very realistic.'
b"The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe word illegally means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked.\n\nThe verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large.\n\nThe meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven"	b'is very realistic.'
b'The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were disgusting.'
b'The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were disgusting.'
b'The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were fine.'
b'The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were fine.'
b"The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya"	b'was not very happy.'
b"The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Katrina"	b'was not very happy.'
b"The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina"	b'was not very happy.'
b"The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Tanya"	b'was not very happy.'
b"The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'hated leather.'
b"The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'hated leather.'
b"The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive.\n\nThe meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'loved leather.'
b"The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive.\n\nThe meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'loved leather.'
b'The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b"The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept inside.'
b"The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept inside.'
b"The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept outside.'
b"The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept outside.'
b'The word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus.'
b"The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone"	b'is just way too large to be useful.'
b"The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low.\n\nThe word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television"	b'is just way too large to be useful.'
b"The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television"	b'is just way too small to be useful.'
b"The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high.\n\nThe word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone"	b'is just way too small to be useful.'
b'The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nThe word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nThe word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft.\n\nThe meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'stayed during the field raid.'
b'The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors.\n\nThe verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'stayed during the field raid.'
b'The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'fled during the field raid.'
b'The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors.\n\nThe verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'fled during the field raid.'
b"The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was soft.\n\nThe verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nThe word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nThe meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was soft.\n\nThe verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was hard.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nThe word sunrise refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nThe meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was hard.\n\nThe verb to eat means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nThe verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.'
b'The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student.\n\nThe meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nThe word on means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nThe verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered.\n\nThe meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.'
b'The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nThe verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed.\n\nThe meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.'
b'The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber.\n\nThe meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nThe word off means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nThe verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed.\n\nThe meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.'
b'The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was smooth.'
b'The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nThe verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nThe meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was smooth.'
b'The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was abrasive.'
b'The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nThe verb to flee means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nThe meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was abrasive.'
b"The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth"	b'was soft.'
b"The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun"	b'was soft.'
b"The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun"	b'was hard.'
b"The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth"	b'was hard.'
b'The meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very unhealthy diet.'
b'The meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very unhealthy diet.'
b'The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very healthy diet.'
b'The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe verb to race means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very healthy diet.'
b"The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nThe meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nThe meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nThe word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the internet"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nThe meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nThe meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nThe word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the cable"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy"	b'was cheap.'
b"The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep.\n\nThe meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch"	b'was cheap.'
b"The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch"	b'was expensive.'
b"The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little.\n\nThe meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy"	b'was expensive.'
b"The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'loves the color of their eyes.'
b"The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe meaning of tiny is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nThe meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nThe word inside means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'loves the color of their eyes.'
b"The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'dislikes the color of their eyes.'
b"The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nThe meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nThe word outside means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'dislikes the color of their eyes.'
b"The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too heavy.'
b"The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger.\n\nThe meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too heavy.'
b"The meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too light.'
b"The meaning of narrow is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller.\n\nThe meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too light.'
b'The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useless.'
b'The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short.\n\nThe meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small.\n\nThe meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useless.'
b'The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useful.'
b'The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall.\n\nThe meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large.\n\nThe meaning of useful is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useful.'
b"The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick"	b'is humble.'
b"The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose.\n\nThe meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors.\n\nThe word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nThe meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig"	b'is humble.'
b'The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is arrogant.'
b'The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight.\n\nThe meaning of scared is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors.\n\nThe word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nThe meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is arrogant.'
