b"The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of anaticulal is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of omplably is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'omplablyed violence.'
b"The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of anaticulal is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of omplably is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'omplablyed violence.'
b"The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of anaticulal is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to push for something. The meaning of omplably is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'omplablyed violence.'
b"The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of anaticulal is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to push for something. The meaning of omplably is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'omplablyed violence.'
b"The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of ocrium is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of fectitic is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of ocrium is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of fectitic is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of ocrium is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of fectitic is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of ocrium is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of fectitic is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too fectitic.'
b'The meaning of geaming is easy to reach. The meaning of geaming is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of icatelly is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of geaming is easy to reach. The meaning of geaming is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of icatelly is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of geaming is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of icatelly is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of geaming is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of icatelly is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of onycol is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of daudoust is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't daudoust."
b'The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of onycol is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of daudoust is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't daudoust."
b'The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of onycol is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of daudoust is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't daudoust."
b'The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of onycol is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of daudoust is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't daudoust."
b'The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of ianing is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of iogent is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to iogent it.'
b'The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of ianing is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of iogent is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to iogent it.'
b'The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of ianing is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to react verbally. The meaning of iogent is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to iogent it.'
b'The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of ianing is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to react verbally. The meaning of iogent is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to iogent it.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tcherad is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so rundnessy.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tcherad is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so rundnessy.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of tcherad is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so rundnessy.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of tcherad is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so rundnessy.'
b'The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring. The meaning of ochedly is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of ntick is similar to vindicate. Frank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring. The meaning of ochedly is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of ntick is similar to vindicate. Frank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated. The meaning of ochedly is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of ntick is similar to crush. Frank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated. The meaning of ochedly is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of ntick is similar to crush. Frank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of shisconty is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of nticky is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so nticky.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of shisconty is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of nticky is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so nticky.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of shisconty is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of nticky is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so nticky.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of shisconty is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of nticky is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so nticky.'
b'The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced.\n\nThe word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of anumman is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of anumman.'
b'The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced.\n\nThe word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of anumman is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of anumman.'
b"The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced.\n\nThe word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of anumman is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of anumman.'
b"The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced.\n\nThe word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of anumman is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of anumman.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of cintiter is similar to stretch. cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of stionitery is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so stionitery.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of cintiter is similar to stretch. cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of stionitery is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so stionitery.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of cintiter is similar to pat. cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of stionitery is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so stionitery.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of cintiter is similar to pat. cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of stionitery is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so stionitery.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs.'
b"The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of nticky is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so nticky.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of loligne is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a loligne start.'
b"The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of nticky is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so nticky.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of loligne is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a loligne start.'
b"The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of nticky is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so nticky.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of loligne is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a loligne start.'
b"The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of nticky is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so nticky.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of loligne is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a loligne start.'
b'The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of prainter is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter.\n\nThe verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of teraskin is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't teraskined."
b'The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of prainter is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter.\n\nThe verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of teraskin is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't teraskined."
b"The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of prainter is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter.\n\nThe word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of teraskin is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't teraskin."
b"The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of prainter is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter.\n\nThe word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of teraskin is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't teraskin."
b'The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of unflowin is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to well. Anna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of unflowin is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to well. Anna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of unflowin is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to bad. Anna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of unflowin is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to bad. Anna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of daudoust is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust.\n\nThe verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of riforce is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of daudoust is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust.\n\nThe verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of riforce is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of daudoust is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust.\n\nThe verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of riforce is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of daudoust is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust.\n\nThe verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of riforce is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students"	b'.'
b'The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of heacchy is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of sprimian is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was sprimian.'
b'The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of heacchy is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of sprimian is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was sprimian.'
b'The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of heacchy is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of sprimian is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was sprimian.'
b'The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of heacchy is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of sprimian is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was sprimian.'
b"The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of tcherad is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of ogromal is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is ogromal.'
b"The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of tcherad is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of ogromal is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is ogromal.'
b"The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of tcherad is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of ogromal is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is ogromal.'
b"The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of tcherad is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of ogromal is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is ogromal.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of cintiter is similar to stretch. cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of piedive is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't piedive him."
b"The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of cintiter is similar to stretch. cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of piedive is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't piedive him."
b'The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of cintiter is similar to pat. cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of piedive is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't piedive him."
b'The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of cintiter is similar to pat. cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of piedive is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't piedive him."
b"The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of reomych is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of shisconty is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more shisconty.'
b"The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of reomych is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of shisconty is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more shisconty.'
b"The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of reomych is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of shisconty is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more shisconty.'
b"The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of reomych is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of shisconty is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more shisconty.'
b'The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim.\n\nThe verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of etallost is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be etallosted.'
b'The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim.\n\nThe verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of etallost is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be etallosted.'
b'The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim.\n\nThe verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of etallost is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be etallosted.'
b'The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim.\n\nThe verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of etallost is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be etallosted.'
b"The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ratinniced is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ratinniced, so it worked out.'
b"The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ratinniced is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ratinniced, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy.\n\nThe verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ratinnic is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ratinnicked, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy.\n\nThe verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ratinnic is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ratinnicked, so it worked out.'
b'The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of tibleal is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal.\n\nThe word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of piedive is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the piedive.'
b'The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of tibleal is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal.\n\nThe word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of piedive is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the piedive.'
b'The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of tibleal is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal.\n\nThe word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of piedive is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the piedive.'
b'The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of tibleal is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal.\n\nThe word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of piedive is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the piedive.'
b"The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of rundness is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is easy to reach. The meaning of geaming is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be geaming.'
b"The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of rundness is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is easy to reach. The meaning of geaming is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be geaming.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of geaming is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more geaming.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of geaming is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more geaming.'
b"The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of onycol is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tcherad is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tcherad.'
b"The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of onycol is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tcherad is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tcherad.'
b"The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of onycol is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of tcherad is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tcherad.'
b"The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of onycol is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of tcherad is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tcherad.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to promise. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of apawne is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very apawne.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to promise. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of apawne is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very apawne.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to order. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of apawne is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very apawne.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to order. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of apawne is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very apawne.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of reomych is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very reomych.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of reomych is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very reomych.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of reomych is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very reomych.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of reomych is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very reomych.'
b"The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of eandly is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of sancyter is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very sancyter.'
b"The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of eandly is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of sancyter is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very sancyter.'
b"The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eandly is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of sancyter is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very sancyter.'
b"The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eandly is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of sancyter is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very sancyter.'
b"The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of iogent is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of ethirip is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have ethiripated.'
b"The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of iogent is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of ethirip is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have ethiripated.'
b"The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of iogent is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to ethirip means to fail to win. The meaning of ethirip is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have ethiripated.'
b"The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of iogent is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to ethirip means to fail to win. The meaning of ethirip is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have ethiripated.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of boormal is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be boormal by this time.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of boormal is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be boormal by this time.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of boormal is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be boormal by this time.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of boormal is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be boormal by this time.'
b'The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of unprehiced is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of iogent is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have iogent a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of unprehiced is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of iogent is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have iogent a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of unprehiced is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of iogent is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have iogent a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of unprehiced is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of iogent is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have iogent a lot of money.'
b'The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of dationart is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of unprehiced is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was unprehiced.'
b'The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of dationart is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of unprehiced is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was unprehiced.'
b'The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of dationart is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of unprehiced is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more unprehiced.'
b'The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of dationart is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of unprehiced is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more unprehiced.'
b'The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of tuaenty is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of tuaenty is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too tuaenty.'
b'The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of tuaenty is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of tuaenty is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too tuaenty.'
b'The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of tuaenty is showing careful forethought. The meaning of tuaenty is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too tuaenty.'
b'The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of tuaenty is showing careful forethought. The meaning of tuaenty is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too tuaenty.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of rassionty is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty.\n\nThe word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of prainter is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming prainter.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of rassionty is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty.\n\nThe word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of prainter is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming prainter.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of rassionty is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty.\n\nThe word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of prainter is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming prainter.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of rassionty is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty.\n\nThe word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of prainter is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming prainter.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to promise. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of unflowin is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to promise. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of unflowin is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to order. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of unflowin is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to order. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of unflowin is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of cousishism is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was cousishism.'
b'The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of cousishism is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was cousishism.'
b'The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of cousishism is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was cousishism.'
b'The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of cousishism is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was cousishism.'
b'The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of graillogy is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve graillogies old.\n\nThe word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of tibleal is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the tibleal.'
b'The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of graillogy is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve graillogies old.\n\nThe word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of tibleal is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the tibleal.'
b'The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of graillogy is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve graillogies old.\n\nThe word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of tibleal is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the tibleal.'
b'The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of graillogy is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve graillogies old.\n\nThe word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of tibleal is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the tibleal.'
b"The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of boormal is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of tcherad is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'tcherad.'
b"The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of boormal is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of tcherad is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'tcherad.'
b"The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of boormal is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of tcherad is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'tcherad.'
b"The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of boormal is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of tcherad is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'tcherad.'
b'The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of etallost is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted.\n\nThe meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very impignesh.'
b'The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of etallost is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted.\n\nThe meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very impignesh.'
b'The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of etallost is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted.\n\nThe meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very impignesh.'
b'The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of etallost is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted.\n\nThe meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very impignesh.'
b"The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of rundness is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very tanguing.'
b"The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of rundness is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very tanguing.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very tanguing.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very tanguing.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of partiosism is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very partiosism.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of partiosism is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very partiosism.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of partiosism is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very partiosism.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of partiosism is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very partiosism.'
b"The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of teraskin is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of daudoust is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more daudoust.'
b"The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of teraskin is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of daudoust is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more daudoust.'
b"The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of teraskin is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of daudoust is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more daudoust.'
b"The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of teraskin is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of daudoust is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more daudoust.'
b"The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ratinniced is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of rundness is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ratinniced is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of rundness is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ratinnic is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ratinnic is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of rundnessy is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.'
b'The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of daudoust is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust.\n\nThe verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of eandly is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of daudoust is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust.\n\nThe verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of eandly is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of daudoust is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust.\n\nThe verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eandly is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of daudoust is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust.\n\nThe verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eandly is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of ablesquity is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.'
b'The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of ablesquity is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.'
b'The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing. The meaning of ablesquity is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.'
b'The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing. The meaning of ablesquity is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.'
b'The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of ablesquity is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of inepatic is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of ablesquity is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of inepatic is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing. The meaning of ablesquity is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. The meaning of inepatic is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing. The meaning of ablesquity is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. The meaning of inepatic is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of cousishism is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism.\n\nThe word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of cousishism is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism.\n\nThe word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of cousishism is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism.\n\nThe word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of cousishism is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism.\n\nThe word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of praintery is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of icatelly is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was icatellyed.'
b"The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of praintery is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of icatelly is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was icatellyed.'
b"The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of praintery is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of icatelly is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was icatelly.'
b"The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of praintery is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of icatelly is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was icatelly.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tcherad is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of piedive is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tcherad is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of piedive is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of tcherad is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of piedive is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of tcherad is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of piedive is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently.'
b"The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of tcherad is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path"	b'.'
b"The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of tcherad is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of tcherad is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of tcherad is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path"	b'.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of inepatic is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of relcited is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was relcited.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of inepatic is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of relcited is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was relcited.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. The meaning of inepatic is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of relcite is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was relcite.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. The meaning of inepatic is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of relcite is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was relcite.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tcherad is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more goariny place to swim.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tcherad is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more goariny place to swim.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of tcherad is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a goariny place to swim.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of tcherad is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of goariny is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a goariny place to swim.'
b"The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of apunhal is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been apunhal for five years.\n\nThe word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lless is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lles.'
b"The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of apunhal is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been apunhal for five years.\n\nThe word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lless is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lles.'
b"The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of apunhal is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been apunhal for five years.\n\nThe word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lless is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lles.'
b"The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of apunhal is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been apunhal for five years.\n\nThe word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lless is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lles.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of shisconty is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe verb to ilogric means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of ilogric is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could ilogric.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of shisconty is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe verb to ilogric means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of ilogric is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could ilogric.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of shisconty is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe verb to ilogric means to be asleep. The meaning of ilogric is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could ilogric.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of shisconty is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe verb to ilogric means to be asleep. The meaning of ilogric is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could ilogric.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of partiosism is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of praintery is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not praintered for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of partiosism is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of praintery is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not praintered for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of partiosism is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism.\n\nThe meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of praintery is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not praintery for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of partiosism is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism.\n\nThe meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of praintery is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not praintery for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of apunhal is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been apunhal for five years.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of apunhal is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been apunhal for five years.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of apunhal is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been apunhal for five years.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of apunhal is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been apunhal for five years.'
b"The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of piedive is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't piedive him.\n\nThe word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of icutic is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries icutic.'
b"The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of piedive is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't piedive him.\n\nThe word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of icutic is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries icutic.'
b"The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of piedive is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't piedive him.\n\nThe word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of icutic is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries icuticcer.'
b"The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of piedive is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't piedive him.\n\nThe word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of icutic is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries icuticcer.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of ogromal is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal.\n\nThe meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of anaticulal is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too anaticulal.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of ogromal is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal.\n\nThe meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of anaticulal is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too anaticulal.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of ogromal is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal.\n\nThe meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of anaticulal is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too anaticulal.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of ogromal is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal.\n\nThe meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of anaticulal is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too anaticulal.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of ogromal is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of unctimely is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes"	b'.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of ogromal is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of unctimely is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of ogromal is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to keep watch over. The meaning of unctimely is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of ogromal is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to keep watch over. The meaning of unctimely is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes"	b'.'
b'The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of eandly is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring. The meaning of ochedly is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very ochedly.'
b'The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of eandly is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring. The meaning of ochedly is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very ochedly.'
b'The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eandly is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of ochedly is easily agitated. The meaning of ochedly is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very ochedly.'
b'The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eandly is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of ochedly is easily agitated. The meaning of ochedly is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very ochedly.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of partiosism is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of dationart is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of partiosism is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of dationart is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of partiosism is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of dationart is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of partiosism is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of dationart is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of inepatic is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of graillogy is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve graillogies old.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of inepatic is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of graillogy is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve graillogies old.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. The meaning of inepatic is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of graillogy is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve graillogies old.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. The meaning of inepatic is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of graillogy is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve graillogies old.'
b"The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of flutsway is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to win a victory over. The meaning of apunhal is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were apunhal within weeks.'
b"The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of flutsway is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to win a victory over. The meaning of apunhal is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were apunhal within weeks.'
b"The meaning of flutsway is very good. The meaning of flutsway is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is having won. The meaning of apunhal is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were apunhal within weeks.'
b"The meaning of flutsway is very good. The meaning of flutsway is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is having won. The meaning of apunhal is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were apunhal within weeks.'
b"The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of adfoon is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of cousishism is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks.'
b"The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of adfoon is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of cousishism is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks.'
b'The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of adfoon is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word cousishism refers to adult male deer. The meaning of cousishism is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks.'
b'The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of adfoon is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word cousishism refers to adult male deer. The meaning of cousishism is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks.'
b'The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of omplably is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence.\n\nThe verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of glikeric is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'glikericked two years ago.'
b'The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of omplably is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence.\n\nThe verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of glikeric is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'glikericked two years ago.'
b'The verb to omplably means to push for something. The meaning of omplably is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence.\n\nThe verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of glikeric is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'glikericked two years ago.'
b'The verb to omplably means to push for something. The meaning of omplably is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence.\n\nThe verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of glikeric is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'glikericked two years ago.'
b'The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lless is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles.\n\nThe meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of drunited is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lless is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles.\n\nThe meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of drunited is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lless is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles.\n\nThe meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of drunited is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lless is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles.\n\nThe meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of drunited is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of dopygic is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of dopygic is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of dopygic is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of sellness is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of dopygic is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of sancyter is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of tcherad is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of tcherad in it.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of sancyter is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of tcherad is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of tcherad in it.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of sancyter is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of tcherad is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of tcherads in it.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of sancyter is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of tcherad is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of tcherads in it.'
b"The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of ethirip is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated.\n\nThe meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of teraskiny is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more teraskiny.'
b"The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of ethirip is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated.\n\nThe meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of teraskiny is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more teraskiny.'
b"The verb to ethirip means to fail to win. The meaning of ethirip is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated.\n\nThe meaning of teraskiny is not necessary. The meaning of teraskiny is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be teraskiny.'
b"The verb to ethirip means to fail to win. The meaning of ethirip is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated.\n\nThe meaning of teraskiny is not necessary. The meaning of teraskiny is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be teraskiny.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of sancyter is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of glikericed is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the glikericed.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of sancyter is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of glikericed is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the glikericed.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of sancyter is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of glikericed is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the glikericed.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of sancyter is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of glikericed is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the glikericed.'
b'The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of iogent is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it.\n\nThe verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of tersitar is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'tersitart a hole.'
b'The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of iogent is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it.\n\nThe verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of tersitar is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'tersitart a hole.'
b'The verb to iogent means to react verbally. The meaning of iogent is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it.\n\nThe verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of tersitar is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'tersitart a hole.'
b'The verb to iogent means to react verbally. The meaning of iogent is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it.\n\nThe verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of tersitar is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'tersitart a hole.'
b"The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of inepatic is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of tcherad is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of tcherad.'
b"The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of inepatic is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of tcherad is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of tcherad.'
b"The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of inepatic is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of tcherad is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of tcherad.'
b"The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of inepatic is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of tcherad is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of tcherad.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to herceric means to feel admiration for. The meaning of herceric is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'hercericks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to herceric means to feel admiration for. The meaning of herceric is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'hercericks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to herceric means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of herceric is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'hercericks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to herceric means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of herceric is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'hercericks him hugely.'
b"The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of icatelly is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed.\n\nThe meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of leblessy is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too leblessy.'
b"The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of icatelly is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed.\n\nThe meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of leblessy is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too leblessy.'
b"The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of icatelly is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly.\n\nThe meaning of leblessy is not wide. The meaning of leblessy is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too leblessy.'
b"The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of icatelly is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly.\n\nThe meaning of leblessy is not wide. The meaning of leblessy is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too leblessy.'
b'The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of flutsway is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks flutsway on her.'
b'The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of flutsway is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks flutsway on her.'
b"The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of flutsway is very good. The meaning of flutsway is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks flutsway on her.'
b"The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of flutsway is very good. The meaning of flutsway is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks flutsway on her.'
b"The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of rocipal is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his rocipal.\n\nThe verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to promise. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of rocipal is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his rocipal.\n\nThe verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to promise. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of rocipal is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his rocipal.\n\nThe verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to order. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of rocipal is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his rocipal.\n\nThe verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to order. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of onycol is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of rocipal is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his rocipal.'
b"The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of onycol is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of rocipal is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his rocipal.'
b"The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of onycol is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of rocipal is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his rocipal.'
b"The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of onycol is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of rocipal is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his rocipal.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of inepatic is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of inepatic is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of inepatic is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of tanguing is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of inepatic is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of tersitar is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of rassionty is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was rassionty.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of tersitar is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of rassionty is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was rassionty.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of tersitar is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of rassionty is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more rassionty.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of tersitar is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of rassionty is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more rassionty.'
b'The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of icutic is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tcherad is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of icutic is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tcherad is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of icutic is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of tcherad is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of icutic is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of tcherad is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of etallost is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of ocrium is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing ocrium.'
b'The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of etallost is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of ocrium is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing ocrium.'
b'The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of etallost is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of ocrium is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing ocrium.'
b'The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of etallost is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of ocrium is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing ocrium.'
b"The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of tcherad is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was lopdofy.'
b"The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of tcherad is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was lopdofy.'
b"The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of tcherad is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was lopdofy.'
b"The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of tcherad is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was lopdofy.'
b'The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of cousishism is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks.\n\nThe word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of heacchy is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was heacchy.'
b'The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of cousishism is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks.\n\nThe word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of heacchy is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was heacchy.'
b'The word cousishism refers to adult male deer. The meaning of cousishism is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of heacchy is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was heacchy.'
b'The word cousishism refers to adult male deer. The meaning of cousishism is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of heacchy is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was heacchy.'
b"The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of tersitar is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole.\n\nThe verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of cintiter is similar to stretch. cintiting The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of tersitar is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole.\n\nThe verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of cintiter is similar to stretch. cintiting The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of tersitar is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole.\n\nThe verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of cintiter is similar to pat. cintiting The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of tersitar is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole.\n\nThe verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of cintiter is similar to pat. cintiting The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of ogromal is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of impignesh is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of ogromal is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of ianing is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of ononsuned is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'ononsuned.'
b'The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of ianing is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of ononsuned is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'ononsuned.'
b'The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of ianing is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of ononsuned is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'ononsuned.'
b'The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of ianing is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of ononsuned is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'ononsuned.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of tcherad is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of onycol is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a onycol look.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of tcherad is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of onycol is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a onycol look.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of tcherad is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of onycol is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a onycol look.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of tcherad is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of onycol is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a onycol look.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of sprimian is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain. The meaning of icatelly is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of sprimian is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain. The meaning of icatelly is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of sprimian is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to hang freely. The meaning of icatelly is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of sprimian is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to hang freely. The meaning of icatelly is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs icatellyed.'
b'The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of anumman is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman.\n\nThe word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'dopygiced.'
b'The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of anumman is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman.\n\nThe word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'dopygiced.'
b"The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of anumman is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman.\n\nThe word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'dopygiced.'
b"The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of anumman is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman.\n\nThe word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'dopygiced.'
b"The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of teraskiny is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more teraskiny.\n\nThe meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of tcharty is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were tcharty about it.'
b"The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of teraskiny is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more teraskiny.\n\nThe meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of tcharty is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were tcharty about it.'
b"The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary. The meaning of teraskiny is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be teraskiny.\n\nThe meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of tcharty is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were tcharty about it.'
b"The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary. The meaning of teraskiny is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be teraskiny.\n\nThe meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of tcharty is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were tcharty about it.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of sancyter is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of adfoon is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of sancyter is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of adfoon is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of sancyter is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of adfoon is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of sancyter is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of adfoon is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to promise. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion. The meaning of stionitery is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very stionitery.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to promise. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion. The meaning of stionitery is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very stionitery.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to order. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of stionitery is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very stionitery.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to order. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of stionitery is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very stionitery.'
b"The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of apawne is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne.\n\nThe verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of ianing is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of apawne is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne.\n\nThe verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of ianing is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of apawne is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne.\n\nThe verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of ianing is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of apawne is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne.\n\nThe verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of ianing is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
