b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.'
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily silence. The word silence refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of silence is similar to silence.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful."
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily silence. The word silence refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of silence is similar to silence.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful."
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna concentration. The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available."
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna concentration. The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available."
b"Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be better. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.'
b"Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be better. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.'
b"Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be unnecessary. The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary. The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.'
b"Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be unnecessary. The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary. The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn\'t use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn\'t use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn\'t reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn\'t reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The foxes . The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of kill is similar to kill.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nFrank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The foxes . The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of kill is similar to kill.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nFrank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The chickens . The verb to guard means to keep watch over. The meaning of guard is similar to guard.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nFrank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of crush is similar to crush.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The chickens . The verb to guard means to keep watch over. The meaning of guard is similar to guard.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nFrank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of crush is similar to crush.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so heavy. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so heavy. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man was so weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of butter in it. The word butter refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of butter is similar to butter.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man was so weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of butter in it. The word butter refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of butter is similar to butter.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son was so heavy. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of leftovers in it. The word leftover refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of leftover is similar to leftover.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son was so heavy. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of leftovers in it. The word leftover refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of leftover is similar to leftover.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so heavy. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so heavy. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level."
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nAnna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nAnna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nAnna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nAnna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students"	b'. The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The younger students"	b'. The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students"	b'. The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The older students"	b'. The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nJohn promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nJohn promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nJohn ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nJohn ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn\'t use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince."
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn\'t use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince."
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby\'s bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn\'t reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary\'s daughter could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand."
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby\'s bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn\'t reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary\'s daughter could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nAnna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nAnna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nAnna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nAnna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nFrank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nFrank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nFrank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of crush is similar to crush.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nFrank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of crush is similar to crush.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily silence. The word silence refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of silence is similar to silence.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily silence. The word silence refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of silence is similar to silence.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna concentration. The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna concentration. The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.'
b"John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.'
b"John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.'
b"John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.'
b"John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nStretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nStretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nPatting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nPatting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.'
b"Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were furious about it. The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of furious is similar to furious.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.'
b"Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were furious about it. The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of furious is similar to furious.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.'
b"Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were embarrassed about it. The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.'
b"Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were embarrassed about it. The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute"	b'since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The piece"	b'since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece"	b'since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The flute"	b'since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The article"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The book"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle"	b'down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path . The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The flag"	b'down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag"	b'down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake . The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The sand castle"	b'down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam"	b'was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam"	b'was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam"	b'was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam"	b'was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path"	b'. The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The lake"	b'. The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake"	b'. The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The path"	b'. The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska. The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska. The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of enough is similar to enough.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of enough is similar to enough.'
b"Stretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nAnna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel.'
b"Stretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nAnna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been travelling for five years. The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel.'
b"Patting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.\n\nAnna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead.'
b"Patting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.\n\nAnna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been dead for five years. The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nStretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nStretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nPatting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nPatting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nJohn promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The foxes"	b'. The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of kill is similar to kill.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nJohn promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The chickens"	b'. The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of kill is similar to kill.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nJohn ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The chickens"	b'. The verb to guard means to keep watch over. The meaning of guard is similar to guard.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nJohn ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The foxes"	b'. The verb to guard means to keep watch over. The meaning of guard is similar to guard.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nStretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nFrank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes"	b'have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nStretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nFrank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens"	b'have gotten very bold. The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nPatting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nFrank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of crush is similar to crush.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nPatting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nFrank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of crush is similar to crush.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very nervous. The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be gone by this time. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His hands"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be here by this time. The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve years old. The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve months old. The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month.'
b'The table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nStretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one\'s limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka'	b'were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat.'
b'The table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nStretching The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one\'s limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle down. The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk'	b'were defeated within weeks. The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat.'
b'The table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nPatting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk'	b'were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious.'
b'The table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nPatting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag down. The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka'	b'were victorious within weeks. The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were furious about it. The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of furious is similar to furious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were furious about it. The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of furious is similar to furious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were embarrassed about it. The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were embarrassed about it. The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education. Bob is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education. Bob is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education. Charlie is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph bishop. The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education. Charlie is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.'
b"Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars"	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.'
b"Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists"	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of butter in it. The word butter refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of butter is similar to butter.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very generous. The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a good start. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of butter in it. The word butter refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of butter is similar to butter.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of leftovers in it. The word leftover refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of leftover is similar to leftover.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very grateful. The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a bad start. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of leftovers in it. The word leftover refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of leftover is similar to leftover.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be better. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have won. The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be better. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be unnecessary. The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary. The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have lost. The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be unnecessary. The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary. The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries earlier. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is nosy. The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is indiscreet. The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'admires him hugely. The verb to admire means to feel admiration for. The meaning of admire is similar to admire.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very annoyed. The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'admires him hugely. The verb to admire means to feel admiration for. The meaning of admire is similar to admire.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'influences him hugely. The verb to influence means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of influence is similar to influence.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very annoying. The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'influences him hugely. The verb to influence means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of influence is similar to influence.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was eager to speak it fluently. The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't anchored. The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was known to speak it fluently. The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't level. The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be handy. The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a safer place to swim. The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim. The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nJohn promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had received. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nJohn promised Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nJohn ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had given. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nJohn ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his research. The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too high. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was cooler. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his childhood. The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood."
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe"	b'received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ill. The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists began two years ago. The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective"	b'received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective"	b'delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very concerned. The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish appeared two years ago. The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe"	b'delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers. The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like dogs. The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could work. The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen feared violence. The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t successful. The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary\'s daughter could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to take means to take into one's possession. The meaning of take is similar to take."
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary\'s daughter could sleep. The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators advocated violence. The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t available. The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to take means to take into one's possession. The meaning of take is similar to take."
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The foxes . The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of kill is similar to kill.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be cleaned. The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book when she gets home from work. The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The foxes . The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of kill is similar to kill.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was slow. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the bottom. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The chickens . The verb to guard means to keep watch over. The meaning of guard is similar to guard.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article when she gets home from work. The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The chickens . The verb to guard means to keep watch over. The meaning of guard is similar to guard.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was quicker. The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the top. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not prepared for the cold in Alaska. The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not prepared for the cold in Alaska. The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing strip. The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not enough for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of enough is similar to enough.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not enough for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of enough is similar to enough.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing gear. The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the minority. The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was over. The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was tasty. The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the majority. The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was next. The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nStretching The woman"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch."
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin left a hole. The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nStretching The girl"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch."
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nPatting The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot had a hole. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nPatting The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy"	b'toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the top of the stairs. The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't accept Toby"	b'toy. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby"	b'toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the bottom of the stairs. The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't share Billy"	b'toy. The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'silence. The word silence refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of silence is similar to silence.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks. The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of coffee. The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more truthful. The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'silence. The word silence refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of silence is similar to silence.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'concentration. The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks. The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of ink. The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more skeptical. The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'concentration. The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree removed. The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't convince him. The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was short, so it worked out. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof repaired. The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't understand him. The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was gone. The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was delayed, so it worked out. The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a stern look. The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern.'
b"Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache.'
b"Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students . The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was disappointed. The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead. The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs ached. The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache.'
b"Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle.'
b"Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students . The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was out. The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead. The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs dangled. The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of steel. The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years younger. The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute since she was a child. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b"bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet."
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of styrofoam. The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years older. The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece since she was a child. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b"bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet."
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be better. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were furious about it. The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of furious is similar to furious.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be better. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe received the final report on the case. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have gotten a lot of money. The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were furious about it. The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of furious is similar to furious.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be unnecessary. The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary. The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were embarrassed about it. The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be unnecessary. The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary. The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective delivered the final report on the case. The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have lost a lot of money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were embarrassed about it. The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not prepared for the cold in Alaska. The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b"had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very hurt. The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not prepared for the cold in Alaska. The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it. The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b"had retired and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not enough for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of enough is similar to enough.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very ungrateful. The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not enough for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of enough is similar to enough.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it. The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks dowdy on her. The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming woman. The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too impatient. The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father arms. The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very compassionate. The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks great on her. The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming baby. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy bassinet. The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very cruel. The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very good. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very impressed. The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are gripped because Paul writes so well. The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too thick. The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the trash. The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca suspected that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very famous. The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very impressive. The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well. The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the drawer. The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca regretted that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret.'
