b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet. The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet. The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were sprimiaing. The verb to sprimia means to move fast.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were sprimiaing. The verb to sprimia means to move fast.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south . The word ntick refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too opanity. The meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south . The word ntick refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too opanity. The meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north . The word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too opanity. The meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north . The word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too opanity. The meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse. The word ingensemiced means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse. The word ingensemiced means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse. The word ingensemiced means many times at short intervals.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse. The word ingensemiced means many times at short intervals.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy. The word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy. The word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy. The word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is high in price or charging high prices.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy. The word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is eramped. The meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is eramped. The meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is eramped. The meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is eramped. The meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is fairly large.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is fairly large.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is very small.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is very small.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was unflowiny. The meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was unflowiny. The meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was unflowiny. The meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was unflowiny. The meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had chilicing heels. The meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had chilicing heels. The meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had chilicing heels. The meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had chilicing heels. The meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ianing. The meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ianing. The meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ianing. The meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ianing. The meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was dopygicked. The verb to dopygic means to engage or hire for work.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was dopygicked. The verb to dopygic means to engage or hire for work.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was dopygiced. The meaning of dopygiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was dopygiced. The meaning of dopygiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick. The word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick. The word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick. The word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick. The word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'exanised they were lonely. The verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'exanised they were lonely. The verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'exanised they were lonely. The verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'exanised they were lonely. The verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to reomych it. The verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to reomych it. The verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to reomych it. The verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to reomych it. The verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ashlical. The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ashlical. The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny. The meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is boormal. The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny. The meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is boormal. The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny. The meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is boormal. The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny. The meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is boormal. The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is fairly large.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is fairly large.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is having a high price.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is having a high price.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had plucksted the background check. The verb to pluckst means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had plucksted the background check. The verb to pluckst means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had plucksted the background check. The verb to pluckst means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had plucksted the background check. The verb to pluckst means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more ficysish. The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more ficysish. The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach. The meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach. The meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach. The meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach. The meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is fairly large.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is fairly large.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne. The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too lattering. The meaning of lattering is causing inconvenience.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne. The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too lattering. The meaning of lattering is causing inconvenience.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne. The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too lattering. The meaning of lattering is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne. The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too lattering. The meaning of lattering is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical. The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical. The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish. The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having a defect.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish. The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having a defect.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very icatelly. The meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very icatelly. The meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very icatelly. The meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very icatelly. The meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol. The word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol. The word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol. The word onycol refers to the first light of day.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol. The word onycol refers to the first light of day.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me glikericed. The meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me glikericed. The meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me glikericed. The meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me glikericed. The meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was ariteabby. The meaning of ariteabby is unable to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was ariteabby. The meaning of ariteabby is unable to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was ariteabby. The meaning of ariteabby is able to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was ariteabby. The meaning of ariteabby is able to see.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is ianinger. The meaning of ianing is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is ianinger. The meaning of ianing is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing. The verb to sprimia means to move fast.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is ianinger. The meaning of ianing is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing. The verb to sprimia means to move fast.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is ianinger. The meaning of ianing is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with. The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with. The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with. The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with. The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to express in words.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'tanguinged out the heat. The verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to express in words.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'tanguinged out the heat. The verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'tanguinged out the heat. The verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'tanguinged out the heat. The verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is free from impurities.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is free from impurities.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical. The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical. The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that ntic. The meaning of ntic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that ntic. The meaning of ntic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that ntic. The meaning of ntic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that ntic. The meaning of ntic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced escolish. The word escolish means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced escolish. The word escolish means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced escolish. The meaning of escolish is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced escolish. The meaning of escolish is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day. The verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day. The verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day. The verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day. The verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to express in words.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to express in words.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne. The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne. The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne. The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne. The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to express in words.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very hablitid person. The meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to express in words.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very hablitid person. The meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very hablitid person. The meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very hablitid person. The meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked. The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked. The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was apawne. The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was apawne. The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was apawne. The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was apawne. The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently bultritish. The meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently bultritish. The meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently bultritis. The verb to bultritis means to be employed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently bultritis. The verb to bultritis means to be employed.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position. The verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is goariny. The meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position. The verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is goariny. The meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position. The verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is goariny. The meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position. The verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is goariny. The meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams . The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was omplably. The meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams . The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was omplably. The meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn . The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was omplably. The meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn . The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was omplably. The meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon. The word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the shisconty size. The meaning of shisconty is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon. The word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the shisconty size. The meaning of shisconty is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon. The word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the shisconty size. The meaning of shisconty is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon. The word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the shisconty size. The meaning of shisconty is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was ulastanty. The meaning of ulastanty is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was ulastanty. The meaning of ulastanty is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was ulastanty. The meaning of ulastanty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was ulastanty. The meaning of ulastanty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in rocipal demand. The meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in rocipal demand. The meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in rocipal demand. The meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in rocipal demand. The meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is very small.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is very small.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen . The meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen . The meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom . The meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom . The meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish. The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish. The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity. The word opanity means in operation or operational.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity. The word opanity means in operation or operational.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity. The word opanity means not in operation or operational.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity. The word opanity means not in operation or operational.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal. The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal. The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal. The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal. The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south'	b'. The word ntick refers to the rays of the sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north'	b'. The word ntick refers to the rays of the sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north'	b'. The word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south'	b'. The word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky. The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a graillogying look. The verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky. The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a graillogying look. The verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked. The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a graillogy look. The meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked. The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a graillogy look. The meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was verotly. The meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was verotly. The meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was verotly. The meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was verotly. The meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother ntic. The word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother ntic. The word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother ntic. The word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother ntic. The word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to express in words.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfors with. The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to express in words.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfors with. The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfor with. The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things. The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfor with. The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too riforce. The meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too riforce. The meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too riforce. The meaning of riforce is not wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too riforce. The meaning of riforce is not wide.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the adfoon. The word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the adfoon. The word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to rocipal means to take in solid food.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the adfoon. The word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to rocipal means to take in solid food.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the adfoon. The word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty"	b'had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia"	b'had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne. The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was llessy cold. The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne. The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was llessy cold. The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne. The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was llessy cold. The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne. The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was llessy cold. The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is made afraid.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is made afraid.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish. The meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish. The meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis. The verb to bultritis means to be employed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis. The verb to bultritis means to be employed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is eandly. The meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is eandly. The meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is eandly. The meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is eandly. The meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical. The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical. The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having a defect.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is apawne. The meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having a defect.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is apawne. The meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is apawne. The meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is apawne. The meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a pilinfle. The word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a pilinfle. The word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a pilinfle. The word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a pilinfle. The word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed. The word inepaticed means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed. The word inepaticed means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed. The word inepaticed means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed. The word inepaticed means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit. The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always opanity. The word opanity means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit. The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always opanity. The word opanity means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit. The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always opanity. The word opanity means not in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit. The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always opanity. The word opanity means not in operation or operational.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a ocrium diet. The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a ocrium diet. The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky. The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is etallostic. The meaning of etallostic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky. The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is etallostic. The meaning of etallostic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked. The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is etallostic. The meaning of etallostic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked. The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is etallostic. The meaning of etallostic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to elaptic the dogs. The verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to elaptic the dogs. The verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to elaptic the dogs. The verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to elaptic the dogs. The verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams . The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams . The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn . The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn . The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to run away quickly.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to run away quickly.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes loligne liquors. The meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes loligne liquors. The meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes loligne liquors. The meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes loligne liquors. The meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients. The verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients. The verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients. The verb to thunass means to be without.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients. The verb to thunass means to be without.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet. The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet. The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be rundnessed. The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is very small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is very small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was geaming. The meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was geaming. The meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was geaming. The meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was geaming. The meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was thunassed with nutrients. The verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was thunassed with nutrients. The verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was thunassing with nutrients. The verb to thunass means to be without.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was thunassing with nutrients. The verb to thunass means to be without.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to ogromal means to transfer.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to ogromal means to transfer.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to ogromal means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to ogromal means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to ogromal means to transfer.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'tuaent the money that day. The verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to ogromal means to transfer.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'tuaent the money that day. The verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to ogromal means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'tuaent the money that day. The verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to ogromal means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'tuaent the money that day. The verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably. The meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably. The meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably. The meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably. The meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with. The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with. The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with. The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with. The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are more blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are more blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is nticky. The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is nticky. The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is made afraid.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is nticked. The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is made afraid.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is nticked. The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet. The verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet. The verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet. The verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is free from impurities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet. The verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is free from impurities.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her shiscont. The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now appectic parked. The word appectic means by law; conforming to the law.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now appectic parked. The word appectic means by law; conforming to the law.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to run away quickly.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now appectic parked. The word appectic means in an illegal manner.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to run away quickly.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now appectic parked. The word appectic means in an illegal manner.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall. The verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall. The verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall. The verb to underoliker means to retain possession of.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall. The verb to underoliker means to retain possession of.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was fleasicked. The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was fleasicked. The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the onycol. The word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the onycol. The word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the onycol. The word onycol refers to the first light of day.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the onycol. The word onycol refers to the first light of day.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was tonaliny. The meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was tonaliny. The meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was tonaliny. The meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was tonaliny. The meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is very small.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a ochedly stick. The word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is very small.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a ochedly stick. The word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b"was holding a ochedly stick. The word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b"was holding a ochedly stick. The word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film. The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'priallord the peace and quiet. The verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'priallord the peace and quiet. The verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'priallord the peace and quiet. The verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'priallord the peace and quiet. The verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position. The verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position. The verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position. The verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position. The verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal. The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is lloit. The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal. The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is lloit. The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal. The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is lloit. The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal. The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is lloit. The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is ubstly. The meaning of ubstly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is ubstly. The meaning of ubstly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked. The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is ubstly. The meaning of ubstly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked. The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is ubstly. The meaning of ubstly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is very small.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was onsubow. The meaning of onsubow is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is very small.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was onsubow. The meaning of onsubow is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was onsubow. The meaning of onsubow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was onsubow. The meaning of onsubow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more asynoth. The meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more asynoth. The meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more asynoth. The meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more asynoth. The meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could nonisdon the animal. The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nKenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nKenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nKenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nKenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task. The word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task. The word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task. The word anchrism refers to inherent ability.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task. The word anchrism refers to inherent ability.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before. The word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before. The word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before. The word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before. The word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold. The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold. The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold. The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold. The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'verotlyed leather. The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky. The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky. The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked. The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked. The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept daudoust. The word daudoust means within a building.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept daudoust. The word daudoust means within a building.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept daudoust. The word daudoust means outside a building.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money. The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept daudoust. The word daudoust means outside a building.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity. The word opanity means in operation or operational.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity. The word opanity means in operation or operational.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity. The word opanity means not in operation or operational.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity. The word opanity means not in operation or operational.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful. The meaning of underoliker is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful. The meaning of underoliker is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful. The meaning of underoliker is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful. The meaning of underoliker is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nCraig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nCraig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nCraig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nCraig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit. The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit. The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit. The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit. The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic. The word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic. The word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic. The word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to run away quickly.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic. The word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'autivables during the field raid. The verb to autivable means to run away quickly.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to rocipal means to take in solid food.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to rocipal means to take in solid food.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having a defect.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having a defect.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely. The verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely. The verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely. The verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely. The verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is very small.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is very small.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable'	b'previously. The word hablitid means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet'	b'previously. The word hablitid means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet'	b'previously. The word hablitid means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable'	b'previously. The word hablitid means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal. The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold. The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes. The verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold. The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes. The verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold. The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes. The verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold. The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes. The verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast. The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
