b'The meaning of acent is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'acent violence.'
b'The meaning of acent is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'acent violence.'
b'The meaning of acent is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'acent violence.'
b'The meaning of acent is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'acent violence.'
b"The meaning of unressy is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too unressy.'
b"The meaning of unressy is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too unressy.'
b"The meaning of unressy is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too unressy.'
b"The meaning of unressy is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too unressy.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had calinged.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had calinged.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had calinged.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had calinged.'
b'The meaning of unressy is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't unressy."
b'The meaning of unressy is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't unressy."
b'The meaning of unressy is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't unressy."
b'The meaning of unressy is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't unressy."
b'The meaning of ingly is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to ingly it.'
b'The meaning of ingly is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to ingly it.'
b'The meaning of ingly is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to ingly it.'
b'The meaning of ingly is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to ingly it.'
b'The meaning of patory is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so patory.'
b'The meaning of patory is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so patory.'
b'The meaning of patory is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so patory.'
b'The meaning of patory is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so patory.'
b'The meaning of ectis is similar to vindicate. Frank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ectis is similar to vindicate. Frank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ectis is similar to crush. Frank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ectis is similar to crush. Frank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The meaning of enesh is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so enesh.'
b"The meaning of enesh is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so enesh.'
b"The meaning of enesh is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so enesh.'
b"The meaning of enesh is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so enesh.'
b'The meaning of tionee is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of tionee.'
b'The meaning of tionee is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of tionee.'
b'The meaning of tionee is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of tionee.'
b'The meaning of tionee is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of tionee.'
b"The meaning of inessy is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so inessy.'
b"The meaning of inessy is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so inessy.'
b"The meaning of inessy is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so inessy.'
b"The meaning of inessy is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so inessy.'
b'The meaning of decte is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the decte of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of decte is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the decte of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of decte is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the decte of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of decte is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the decte of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a menoned start.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a menoned start.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a menoned start.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a menoned start.'
b'The meaning of acent is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acent."
b'The meaning of acent is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acent."
b'The meaning of acent is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acent."
b'The meaning of acent is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acent."
b'The meaning of mitid is similar to well. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of mitid is similar to well. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of mitid is similar to bad. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of mitid is similar to bad. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was undom.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was undom.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was undom.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was undom.'
b"The meaning of sallag is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is sallag.'
b"The meaning of sallag is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is sallag.'
b"The meaning of sallag is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is sallag.'
b"The meaning of sallag is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is sallag.'
b'The meaning of pecte is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't pecte him."
b'The meaning of pecte is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't pecte him."
b'The meaning of pecte is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't pecte him."
b'The meaning of pecte is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't pecte him."
b"The meaning of mitid is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years mitidder.'
b"The meaning of mitid is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years mitidder.'
b"The meaning of mitid is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years mitidder.'
b"The meaning of mitid is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years mitidder.'
b'The meaning of herop is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be heroped.'
b'The meaning of herop is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be heroped.'
b'The meaning of herop is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be heroped.'
b'The meaning of herop is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be heroped.'
b"The meaning of menoned is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was menoned, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of menoned is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was menoned, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of menon is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was menoned, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of menon is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was menoned, so it worked out.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the epticed.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the epticed.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the epticed.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the epticed.'
b'The meaning of promatic is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be promatic.'
b'The meaning of promatic is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be promatic.'
b'The meaning of promatic is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be more promatic.'
b'The meaning of promatic is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be more promatic.'
b"The meaning of unher is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too unher.'
b"The meaning of unher is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too unher.'
b"The meaning of unher is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too unher.'
b"The meaning of unher is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too unher.'
b"The meaning of ander is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very ander.'
b"The meaning of ander is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very ander.'
b"The meaning of ander is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very ander.'
b"The meaning of ander is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very ander.'
b"The meaning of tione is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very tione.'
b"The meaning of tione is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very tione.'
b"The meaning of tione is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very tione.'
b"The meaning of tione is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very tione.'
b"The meaning of tione is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very tione.'
b"The meaning of tione is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very tione.'
b"The meaning of tione is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very tione.'
b"The meaning of tione is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very tione.'
b"The meaning of pation is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have pated.'
b"The meaning of pation is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have pated.'
b"The meaning of pation is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have pated.'
b"The meaning of pation is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have pated.'
b"The meaning of proma is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be promated by this time.'
b"The meaning of proma is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be promated by this time.'
b"The meaning of promatic is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be promatic by this time.'
b"The meaning of promatic is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be promatic by this time.'
b'The meaning of ingly is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of ingly is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of ingly is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of ingly is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was epticed.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was epticed.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more epticed.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more epticed.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too redle.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too redle.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too redle.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too redle.'
b'The meaning of ectish is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ectish.'
b"The meaning of ectish is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ectish.'
b"The meaning of ectish is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ectish.'
b'The meaning of ectish is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ectish.'
b'The meaning of eptic is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The meaning of eptic is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The meaning of eptic is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of eptic is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was menoned.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was menoned.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was menoned.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was menoned.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the iness.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the iness.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the iness.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the iness.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'unher.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'unher.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'unher.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'unher.'
b'The meaning of patory is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very patory.'
b'The meaning of patory is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very patory.'
b'The meaning of patory is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very patory.'
b'The meaning of patory is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very patory.'
b'The meaning of acenty is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very acenty.'
b'The meaning of acenty is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very acenty.'
b'The meaning of acenty is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very acenty.'
b'The meaning of acenty is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very acenty.'
b'The meaning of ectish is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very ectish.'
b'The meaning of ectish is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very ectish.'
b'The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very ectish.'
b'The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very ectish.'
b'The meaning of unressy is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more unressy.'
b'The meaning of unressy is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more unressy.'
b'The meaning of unressy is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more unressy.'
b'The meaning of unressy is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more unressy.'
b"The meaning of pation is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are pated because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of pation is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are pated because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of patory is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are patory because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of patory is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are patory because Paul writes so well.'
b'The meaning of polly is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of polly is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of polly is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of polly is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead.'
b'The meaning of ovent is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of ovent is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of ovent is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of ovent is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of mitid is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of mitid is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of mitid is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of mitid is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The meaning of pecte is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was pecte.'
b"The meaning of pecte is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was pecte.'
b"The meaning of pected is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was pected.'
b"The meaning of pected is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was pected.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of menon is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of menon is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently.'
b"The meaning of acent is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path"	b'.'
b"The meaning of acent is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of acent is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of acent is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path"	b'.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was unher.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was unher.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was unher.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was unher.'
b'The meaning of ander is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a anderrer place to swim.'
b'The meaning of ander is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a anderrer place to swim.'
b'The meaning of ander is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a ander place to swim.'
b'The meaning of ander is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a ander place to swim.'
b'The meaning of promat is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like promates.'
b'The meaning of promat is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like promates.'
b'The meaning of promat is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like promates.'
b'The meaning of promat is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like promates.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could redle.'
b"The meaning of redle is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could redle.'
b"The meaning of redle is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could redle.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could redle.'
b'The meaning of decte is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not decte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of decte is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not decte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of dected is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not dected for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of dected is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not dected for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The meaning of antry is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been antry for five years.'
b"The meaning of antry is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been antry for five years.'
b"The meaning of antry is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been antry for five years.'
b"The meaning of antry is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been antry for five years.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries menoned.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries menoned.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries more menoned.'
b'The meaning of menoned is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries more menoned.'
b"The meaning of antry is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too antry.'
b"The meaning of antry is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too antry.'
b"The meaning of antry is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too antry.'
b"The meaning of antry is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too antry.'
b'The meaning of chism is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The foxes'	b'.'
b'The meaning of chism is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The chickens'	b'.'
b'The meaning of chism is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The chickens'	b'.'
b'The meaning of chism is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The foxes'	b'.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very caling.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very caling.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very caling.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very caling.'
b'The meaning of tione is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of tione is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of tione is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of tione is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of ander is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve anderes old.'
b'The meaning of ander is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve anderes old.'
b'The meaning of ander is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve anderes old.'
b'The meaning of ander is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve anderes old.'
b"The meaning of artic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were articked within weeks.'
b"The meaning of artic is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were articked within weeks.'
b"The meaning of articed is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were articed within weeks.'
b"The meaning of articed is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were articed within weeks.'
b'The meaning of chism is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of chism is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of chism is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of chism is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'inessed two years ago.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'inessed two years ago.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'inessed two years ago.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'inessed two years ago.'
b'The meaning of acenty is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of acenty is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of acenty is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of acenty is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of pation is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of pation is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of pation is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of pation is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of unher in it.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of unher in it.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of unheres in it.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of unheres in it.'
b"The meaning of ectish is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more ectish.'
b"The meaning of ectish is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more ectish.'
b"The meaning of ectish is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be ectish.'
b"The meaning of ectish is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be ectish.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the iness.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the iness.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the iness.'
b'The meaning of iness is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the iness.'
b'The meaning of polly is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pollyed a hole.'
b'The meaning of polly is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pollyed a hole.'
b'The meaning of polly is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pollyed a hole.'
b'The meaning of polly is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pollyed a hole.'
b"The meaning of articed is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of articed.'
b"The meaning of articed is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of articed.'
b"The meaning of articed is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of articed.'
b"The meaning of articed is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of articed.'
b"The meaning of eptic is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'epticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of eptic is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'epticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of eptic is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'epticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of eptic is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'epticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of enesh is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesh.'
b"The meaning of enesh is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesh.'
b"The meaning of enesh is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesh.'
b"The meaning of enesh is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesh.'
b'The meaning of antry is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks antry on her.'
b'The meaning of antry is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks antry on her.'
b'The meaning of antry is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks antry on her.'
b'The meaning of antry is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks antry on her.'
b'The meaning of salla is similar to promise. John salla Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b'The meaning of salla is similar to promise. John salla Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The meaning of salla is similar to order. John salla Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The meaning of salla is similar to order. John salla Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b"The meaning of pecte is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his pecte.'
b"The meaning of pecte is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his pecte.'
b"The meaning of pecte is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his pecte.'
b"The meaning of pecte is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his pecte.'
b'The meaning of ovent is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ovent the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ovent is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ovent the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ovent the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ovent the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was undom.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was undom.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was undommer.'
b'The meaning of undom is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was undommer.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of unher is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of promat is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing promat.'
b'The meaning of promat is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing promat.'
b'The meaning of promat is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing promat.'
b'The meaning of promat is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing promat.'
b'The meaning of alind is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was alind.'
b'The meaning of alind is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was alind.'
b'The meaning of alind is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was alind.'
b'The meaning of alind is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was alind.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was caling.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was caling.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was caling.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was caling.'
b'The meaning of antry is similar to stretch. antry The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The meaning of antry is similar to stretch. antry The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The meaning of antry is similar to pat. antry The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The meaning of antry is similar to pat. antry The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The meaning of acent is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of acent is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of acent is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of acent is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The meaning of unbum is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'unbum.'
b'The meaning of unbum is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'unbum.'
b'The meaning of unbum is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'unbum.'
b'The meaning of unbum is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'unbum.'
b'The meaning of tione is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a tione look.'
b'The meaning of tione is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a tione look.'
b'The meaning of tione is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a tione look.'
b'The meaning of tione is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a tione look.'
b'The meaning of pecte is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs pecte.'
b'The meaning of pecte is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs pecte.'
b'The meaning of pecte is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs pecte.'
b'The meaning of pecte is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs pecte.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'calings.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'calings.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'caling.'
b'The meaning of caling is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'caling.'
b"The meaning of unbum is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were unbum about it.'
b"The meaning of unbum is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were unbum about it.'
b"The meaning of unbum is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were unbum about it.'
b"The meaning of unbum is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were unbum about it.'
b'The meaning of eptic is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had epticked and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of eptic is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had epticked and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had epticed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of epticed is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had epticed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very redle.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very redle.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very redle.'
b'The meaning of redle is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very redle.'
b'The meaning of proma is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The meaning of proma is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The meaning of proma is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The meaning of proma is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
