b'The meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were geoust.'
b'The meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were geoust.'
b'The verb to geous means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were geous.'
b'The verb to geous means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were geous.'
b'The meaning of inoly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too inoly.'
b'The meaning of inoly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too inoly.'
b'The meaning of inoly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too inoly.'
b'The meaning of inoly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too inoly.'
b"The word atoust means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The word atoust means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The word atoust means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The word atoust means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of lotal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too lotal.'
b"The meaning of lotal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too lotal.'
b"The meaning of lotal is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too lotal.'
b"The meaning of lotal is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too lotal.'
b'The meaning of magne is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is magne.'
b'The meaning of magne is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is magne.'
b'The meaning of magne is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is magne.'
b'The meaning of magne is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is magne.'
b'The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of craconed is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of craconed is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of azinty is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too azinty.'
b'The meaning of azinty is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too azinty.'
b'The meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too azinty.'
b'The meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too azinty.'
b'The meaning of mogiced is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was mogiced.'
b'The meaning of mogiced is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was mogiced.'
b'The meaning of mogiced is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was mogiced.'
b'The meaning of mogiced is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was mogiced.'
b"The meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had logrian heels.'
b"The meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had logrian heels.'
b"The meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had logrian heels.'
b"The meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had logrian heels.'
b'The meaning of ishiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of ishiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of ishiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of ishiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The verb to histic means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was histicked.'
b'The verb to histic means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was histicked.'
b'The meaning of histiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was histiced.'
b'The meaning of histiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was histiced.'
b'The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'The verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'The verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'The verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'The verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was depiny.'
b'The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was depiny.'
b'The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was depiny.'
b'The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was depiny.'
b'The verb to nestic means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'The verb to nestic means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'The verb to nestic means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'The verb to nestic means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is craconing.'
b'The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is craconing.'
b'The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is craconed.'
b'The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is craconed.'
b'The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is berted.'
b'The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is berted.'
b'The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is berted.'
b'The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is berted.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The verb to stily means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The verb to stily means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The verb to stily means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The verb to stily means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The meaning of remony is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of remony is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of remony is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of remony is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of leing is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b'The meaning of leing is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b'The meaning of leing is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b'The meaning of leing is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b"The meaning of supentish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of supentish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of supentish is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of supentish is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'The verb to uncion means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to uncion means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to uncion means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to uncion means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of ametian is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of ametian is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The word inoness refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'The word inoness refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The word inoness refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The word inoness refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The meaning of thoid is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too thoid.'
b"The meaning of thoid is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too thoid.'
b"The meaning of thoid is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too thoid.'
b"The meaning of thoid is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too thoid.'
b'The meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very hently.'
b'The meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very hently.'
b'The meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very hently.'
b'The meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very hently.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The meaning of nocal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was nocaller.'
b'The meaning of nocal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was nocaller.'
b'The meaning of nocal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was nocaller.'
b'The meaning of nocal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was nocaller.'
b'The meaning of meling is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very meling.'
b'The meaning of meling is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very meling.'
b'The meaning of meling is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very meling.'
b'The meaning of meling is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very meling.'
b'The meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too mingly.'
b'The meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too mingly.'
b'The meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too mingly.'
b'The meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too mingly.'
b"The meaning of chostic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me chostic.'
b"The meaning of chostic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me chostic.'
b"The meaning of chostic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me chostic.'
b"The meaning of chostic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me chostic.'
b'The meaning of dind is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was dind.'
b'The meaning of dind is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was dind.'
b'The meaning of dind is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was dind.'
b'The meaning of dind is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was dind.'
b'The meaning of ishiced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of ishiced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of ishiced is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of ishiced is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too exping.'
b'The meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too exping.'
b'The meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too exping.'
b'The meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too exping.'
b'The verb to ametic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b'The verb to ametic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b'The verb to ametic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b'The verb to ametic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b'The word inging refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The word inging refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The word inging refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The word inging refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were nobiced.'
b'The meaning of rader is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that rader.'
b'The meaning of rader is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that rader.'
b'The meaning of rader is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that rader.'
b'The meaning of rader is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that rader.'
b'The word strian means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The word strian means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The meaning of strian is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The meaning of strian is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'The meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b'The meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b'The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b'The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b"The verb to ziness means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to ziness means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b'The meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The meaning of ophal is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very ophal person.'
b'The meaning of ophal is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very ophal person.'
b'The meaning of ophal is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very ophal person.'
b'The meaning of ophal is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very ophal person.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b"The meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is oliker.'
b"The meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is oliker.'
b"The meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is oliker.'
b"The meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is oliker.'
b'The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was remony.'
b'The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was remony.'
b'The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was remony.'
b'The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was remony.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was rousnet.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was rousnet.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was rousnet.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was rousnet.'
b'The meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently ortutty.'
b'The meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently ortutty.'
b'The verb to ortut means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently ortutting.'
b'The verb to ortut means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently ortutting.'
b'The meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is irdian.'
b'The meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is irdian.'
b'The meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is irdian.'
b'The meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is irdian.'
b"The meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was leripy.'
b"The meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was leripy.'
b"The meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was leripy.'
b"The meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was leripy.'
b'The meaning of dispy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'The meaning of dispy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'The meaning of dispy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'The meaning of dispy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'The meaning of icat is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was icat.'
b'The meaning of icat is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was icat.'
b'The meaning of icat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was icat.'
b'The meaning of icat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was icat.'
b'The meaning of ouske is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'The meaning of ouske is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'The meaning of ouske is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'The meaning of ouske is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'The meaning of lotal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too lotal.'
b'The meaning of lotal is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too lotal.'
b'The meaning of lotal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too lotal.'
b'The meaning of lotal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too lotal.'
b'The meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too racted.'
b'The meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too racted.'
b'The meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too racted.'
b'The meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too racted.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'The meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'The meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'The meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south'	b'.'
b'The word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north'	b'.'
b'The word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north'	b'.'
b'The word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south'	b'.'
b'The verb to vingly means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a vinglying look.'
b'The verb to vingly means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a vinglying look.'
b'The meaning of vingly is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a vingly look.'
b'The meaning of vingly is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a vingly look.'
b"The meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too ditral.'
b"The meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too ditral.'
b"The meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too ditral.'
b"The meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too ditral.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was uroler.'
b'The meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was uroler.'
b'The meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was uroler.'
b'The meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was uroler.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too inoly.'
b'The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too inoly.'
b'The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too inoly.'
b'The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too inoly.'
b'The word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'The word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'The word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'The word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b'The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b'The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b'The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b'The meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are heinger.'
b'The meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are heinger.'
b'The meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are heinger.'
b'The meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are heinger.'
b"The meaning of lamid is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too lamid.'
b"The meaning of lamid is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too lamid.'
b"The meaning of lamid is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too lamid.'
b"The meaning of lamid is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too lamid.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is nobiced.'
b'The word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the herinee.'
b'The word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the herinee.'
b'The word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the herinee.'
b'The word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the herinee.'
b'The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was osticed cold.'
b"The meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b'The meaning of derginy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b'The meaning of derginy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b'The meaning of alnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is alnessy.'
b'The meaning of alnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is alnessy.'
b'The meaning of alnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is alnessy.'
b'The meaning of alnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is alnessy.'
b'The meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too opism.'
b'The meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too opism.'
b'The meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too opism.'
b'The meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too opism.'
b'The meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was ctic.'
b'The meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was ctic.'
b'The meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was ctic.'
b'The meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was ctic.'
b'The meaning of remony is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is remony.'
b'The meaning of remony is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is remony.'
b'The meaning of remony is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is remony.'
b'The meaning of remony is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is remony.'
b'The word icaticed refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a icaticed.'
b'The word icaticed refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a icaticed.'
b'The word icaticed refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a icaticed.'
b'The word icaticed refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a icaticed.'
b'The meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The word ritty means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'The word ritty means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'The word ritty means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'The word ritty means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'The word inoly means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The word inoly means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a azint diet.'
b'The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a azint diet.'
b'The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a azinty diet.'
b'The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a azinty diet.'
b"The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too leing.'
b"The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too leing.'
b"The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too leing.'
b"The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too leing.'
b'The meaning of ioncy is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The meaning of ioncy is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The meaning of ioncy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The meaning of ioncy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The verb to exping means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'The verb to exping means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'The verb to exping means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'The verb to exping means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The meaning of biliny is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of biliny is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was logrian.'
b'The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was logrian.'
b'The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was logrian.'
b'The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was logrian.'
b'The meaning of ditral is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b'The meaning of ditral is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b'The meaning of ditral is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b'The meaning of ditral is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b'The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'The meaning of colur is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too colur.'
b'The meaning of colur is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too colur.'
b'The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too colur.'
b'The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too colur.'
b'The meaning of genter is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was genter.'
b'The meaning of genter is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was genter.'
b'The meaning of genter is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was genter.'
b'The meaning of genter is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was genter.'
b'The verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'The verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'The verb to progus means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'The verb to progus means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'The verb to perder means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The verb to perder means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'The meaning of ametian is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of ametian is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of ametian is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of ametian is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is raderrer.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is raderrer.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is raderrer.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is raderrer.'
b'The meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are inablier.'
b'The meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are inablier.'
b'The meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are inably.'
b'The meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are inably.'
b'The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is elike.'
b'The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is elike.'
b'The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is elike.'
b'The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is elike.'
b'The meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had perder breath.'
b'The meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had perder breath.'
b'The meaning of perder is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had perder breath.'
b'The meaning of perder is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had perder breath.'
b'The meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too erioned.'
b'The meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too erioned.'
b'The meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too erioned.'
b'The meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too erioned.'
b'The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her dispes.'
b'The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her dispes.'
b'The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her dispe.'
b'The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her dispe.'
b'The word racted means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'The word racted means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'The word racted means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'The word racted means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'The verb to elless means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'The verb to elless means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'The verb to elless means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'The verb to elless means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was nobiced.'
b'The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was nobicked.'
b'The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was nobicked.'
b'The word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The word dynan refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The word dynan refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The meaning of supler is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was supler.'
b'The meaning of supler is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was supler.'
b'The meaning of supler is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was supler.'
b'The meaning of supler is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was supler.'
b'The word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b'The word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b"The word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b"The word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'The verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'The verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'The verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'The verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'The verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b'The verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b'The verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b'The verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b'The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty"	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha"	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is halissy.'
b'The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is halissy.'
b'The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is halissy.'
b'The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is halissy.'
b'The meaning of azzle is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is azzle.'
b'The meaning of azzle is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is azzle.'
b'The meaning of azzle is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is azzle.'
b'The meaning of azzle is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is azzle.'
b'The meaning of agoust is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was agoust.'
b'The meaning of agoust is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was agoust.'
b'The meaning of agoust is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was agoust.'
b'The meaning of agoust is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was agoust.'
b'The meaning of emoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was emouster.'
b'The meaning of emoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was emouster.'
b'The meaning of emoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was emouster.'
b'The meaning of emoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was emouster.'
b'The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'The meaning of aliticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The meaning of aliticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The meaning of aliticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The meaning of aliticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The word munal refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b'The word munal refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b'The word munal refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b'The word munal refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b'The word inoly means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'The word inoly means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'The word inoly means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'The word inoly means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very leing.'
b'The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very leing.'
b'The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very leing.'
b'The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very leing.'
b'The meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were logly.'
b'The meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were logly.'
b'The meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were logly.'
b'The meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were logly.'
b'The word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'wrioned leather.'
b"The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'wrioned leather.'
b"The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'wrioned leather.'
b"The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'wrioned leather.'
b'The word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The word deniny means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'The word deniny means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'The word deniny means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'The word deniny means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'The verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The meaning of ellessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'The meaning of ellessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'The meaning of ellessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'The meaning of ellessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'The meaning of harmatic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The meaning of harmatic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The word harmatic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The word harmatic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The meaning of stily is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of stily is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of stily is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of stily is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b'The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b'The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b'The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b"The verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The verb to ouske means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The verb to ouske means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'The meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.'
b'The meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.'
b'The meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.'
b'The meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.'
b'The meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was atoust.'
b'The meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was atoust.'
b'The meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was atoust.'
b'The meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was atoust.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'The meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'The meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'The meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'The word ophal means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The word ophal means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The word ophal means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The word ophal means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was hently.'
b'The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was hently.'
b'The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was hently.'
b'The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was hently.'
b'The verb to eninge means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'The verb to eninge means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'The verb to eninge means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'The verb to eninge means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were nocal.'
b'The meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were nocal.'
b'The meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were nocal.'
b'The meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were nocal.'
b'The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ophal.'
b'The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ophal.'
b'The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ophal.'
b'The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ophal.'
