b'The meaning of fear is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'feared violence.'
b'The meaning of fear is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'feared violence.'
b'The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'advocated violence.'
b'The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'advocated violence.'
b"The meaning of large is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too large.'
b"The meaning of large is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too large.'
b"The meaning of small is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too small.'
b"The meaning of small is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too small.'
b'The meaning of receive is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had received.'
b'The meaning of receive is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had received.'
b'The meaning of give is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had given.'
b'The meaning of give is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had given.'
b'The meaning of successful is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't successful."
b'The meaning of successful is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't successful."
b'The meaning of available is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't available."
b'The meaning of available is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't available."
b'The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to repeat it.'
b'The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to repeat it.'
b'The meaning of answer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to answer it.'
b'The meaning of answer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to answer it.'
b'The meaning of fast is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so fast.'
b'The meaning of fast is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so fast.'
b'The meaning of slow is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so slow.'
b'The meaning of slow is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so slow.'
b'The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate. Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate. Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of crush is similar to crush. Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of crush is similar to crush. Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The meaning of weak is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so weak.'
b"The meaning of weak is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so weak.'
b"The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so heavy.'
b"The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so heavy.'
b'The meaning of steel is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of steel.'
b'The meaning of steel is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of steel.'
b'The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of styrofoam.'
b'The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of styrofoam.'
b"The meaning of short is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so short.'
b"The meaning of short is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so short.'
b"The meaning of tall is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so tall.'
b"The meaning of tall is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so tall.'
b'The meaning of top is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the top of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of top is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the top of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the bottom of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the bottom of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of good is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a good start.'
b'The meaning of good is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a good start.'
b'The meaning of bad is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a bad start.'
b'The meaning of bad is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a bad start.'
b'The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't anchored."
b'The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't anchored."
b'The meaning of level is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't level."
b'The meaning of level is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't level."
b'The meaning of well is similar to well. Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of well is similar to well. Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of bad is similar to bad. Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of bad is similar to bad. Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of punish is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of punish is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The younger students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The older students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of empty is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was empty.'
b'The meaning of empty is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was empty.'
b'The meaning of full is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was full.'
b'The meaning of full is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was full.'
b"The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is nosy.'
b"The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is nosy.'
b"The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is indiscreet.'
b"The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is indiscreet.'
b'The meaning of convince is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't convince him."
b'The meaning of convince is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't convince him."
b'The meaning of understand is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't understand him."
b'The meaning of understand is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't understand him."
b"The meaning of young is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years younger.'
b"The meaning of young is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years younger.'
b"The meaning of old is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years older.'
b"The meaning of old is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years older.'
b'The meaning of clean is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be cleaned.'
b'The meaning of clean is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be cleaned.'
b'The meaning of remove is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be removed.'
b'The meaning of remove is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be removed.'
b"The meaning of short is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was short, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of short is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was short, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of delay is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was delayed, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of delay is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was delayed, so it worked out.'
b'The meaning of trash is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the trash.'
b'The meaning of trash is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the trash.'
b'The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the drawer.'
b'The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the drawer.'
b'The meaning of handy is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be handy.'
b'The meaning of handy is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be handy.'
b'The meaning of light is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be lighter.'
b'The meaning of light is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be lighter.'
b"The meaning of tall is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tall.'
b"The meaning of tall is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tall.'
b"The meaning of high is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too high.'
b"The meaning of high is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too high.'
b"The meaning of good is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very good.'
b"The meaning of good is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very good.'
b"The meaning of famous is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very famous.'
b"The meaning of famous is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very famous.'
b"The meaning of generous is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very generous.'
b"The meaning of generous is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very generous.'
b"The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very grateful.'
b"The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very grateful.'
b"The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very hurt.'
b"The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very hurt.'
b"The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very ungrateful.'
b"The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very ungrateful.'
b"The meaning of win is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have won.'
b"The meaning of win is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have won.'
b"The meaning of lose is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have lost.'
b"The meaning of lose is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have lost.'
b"The meaning of go is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be gone by this time.'
b"The meaning of go is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be gone by this time.'
b"The meaning of here is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be here by this time.'
b"The meaning of here is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be here by this time.'
b'The meaning of get is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have gotten a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of get is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have gotten a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of lose is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have lost a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of lose is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have lost a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of hot is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was hot.'
b'The meaning of hot is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was hot.'
b'The meaning of cool is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was cooler.'
b'The meaning of cool is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was cooler.'
b'The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too impatient.'
b'The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too impatient.'
b'The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too cautious.'
b'The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too cautious.'
b'The meaning of woman is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming woman.'
b"The meaning of woman is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming woman.'
b"The meaning of baby is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming baby.'
b'The meaning of baby is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming baby.'
b'The meaning of chat is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The meaning of chat is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The meaning of bark is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of bark is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was hungry.'
b'The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was hungry.'
b'The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was tasty.'
b'The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was tasty.'
b'The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the bottom.'
b'The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the bottom.'
b'The meaning of top is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the top.'
b'The meaning of top is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the top.'
b'The meaning of remove is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'removed.'
b'The meaning of remove is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'removed.'
b'The meaning of repair is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'repaired.'
b'The meaning of repair is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'repaired.'
b'The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very annoyed.'
b'The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very annoyed.'
b'The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very annoying.'
b'The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very annoying.'
b'The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very impressed.'
b'The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very impressed.'
b'The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very impressive.'
b'The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very impressive.'
b'The meaning of ill is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very ill.'
b'The meaning of ill is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very ill.'
b'The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very concerned.'
b'The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very concerned.'
b'The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more truthful.'
b'The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more truthful.'
b'The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more skeptical.'
b'The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more skeptical.'
b"The meaning of grip is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of grip is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of popular is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of popular is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well.'
b'The meaning of have is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of have is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of love is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of love is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of stand is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead.'
b'The meaning of stand is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead.'
b'The meaning of sing is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead.'
b'The meaning of sing is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead.'
b'The meaning of read is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of read is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of write is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of write is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of tide is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of tide is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of wind is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of wind is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was disappointed.'
b"The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was disappointed.'
b"The meaning of out is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was out.'
b"The meaning of out is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was out.'
b'The meaning of eager is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was eager to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of eager is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was eager to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of know is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was known to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of know is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was known to speak it fluently.'
b"The meaning of use is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path"	b'.'
b"The meaning of use is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of reach is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of reach is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The path"	b'.'
b'The meaning of out is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was out.'
b'The meaning of out is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was out.'
b'The meaning of go is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was gone.'
b'The meaning of go is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was gone.'
b'The meaning of safe is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a safer place to swim.'
b'The meaning of safe is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a safer place to swim.'
b'The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a dangerous place to swim.'
b'The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a dangerous place to swim.'
b'The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like golfers.'
b'The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like golfers.'
b'The meaning of dog is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like dogs.'
b'The meaning of dog is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like dogs.'
b'The meaning of work is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could work.'
b"The meaning of work is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could work.'
b"The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could sleep.'
b'The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could sleep.'
b'The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of enough is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of enough is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The meaning of travel is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been travelling for five years.'
b"The meaning of travel is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been travelling for five years.'
b"The meaning of dead is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been dead for five years.'
b"The meaning of dead is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been dead for five years.'
b'The meaning of later is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries later.'
b'The meaning of later is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries later.'
b'The meaning of early is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries earlier.'
b'The meaning of early is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries earlier.'
b"The meaning of thick is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too thick.'
b"The meaning of thick is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too thick.'
b"The meaning of small is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too small.'
b"The meaning of small is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too small.'
b'The meaning of kill is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The foxes'	b'.'
b'The meaning of kill is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The chickens'	b'.'
b'The meaning of guard is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The chickens'	b'.'
b'The meaning of guard is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The foxes'	b'.'
b'The meaning of bold is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very bold.'
b'The meaning of bold is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very bold.'
b'The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very nervous.'
b'The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very nervous.'
b'The meaning of open is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of open is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of lower is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of lower is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of year is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve years old.'
b'The meaning of year is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve years old.'
b'The meaning of month is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve months old.'
b'The meaning of month is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve months old.'
b"The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were defeated within weeks.'
b"The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were defeated within weeks.'
b"The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were victorious within weeks.'
b"The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were victorious within weeks.'
b'The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of deer is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for deer on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of deer is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for deer on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of begin is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'began two years ago.'
b'The meaning of begin is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'began two years ago.'
b'The meaning of appear is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'appeared two years ago.'
b'The meaning of appear is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'appeared two years ago.'
b'The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of stop is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of stop is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of run is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of run is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of butter is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of butter in it.'
b'The meaning of butter is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of butter in it.'
b'The meaning of leftover is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of leftovers in it.'
b'The meaning of leftover is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of leftovers in it.'
b"The meaning of well is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be better.'
b"The meaning of well is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be better.'
b"The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be unnecessary.'
b"The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be unnecessary.'
b'The meaning of minority is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the minority.'
b'The meaning of minority is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the minority.'
b'The meaning of majority is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the majority.'
b'The meaning of majority is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the majority.'
b'The meaning of leave is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'left a hole.'
b'The meaning of leave is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'left a hole.'
b'The meaning of have is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'had a hole.'
b'The meaning of have is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'had a hole.'
b"The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of coffee.'
b"The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of coffee.'
b"The meaning of ink is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of ink.'
b"The meaning of ink is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of ink.'
b"The meaning of admire is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'admires him hugely.'
b"The meaning of admire is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'admires him hugely.'
b"The meaning of influence is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'influences him hugely.'
b"The meaning of influence is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'influences him hugely.'
b"The meaning of wide is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too wide.'
b"The meaning of wide is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too wide.'
b"The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too narrow.'
b"The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too narrow.'
b'The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks dowdy on her.'
b'The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks dowdy on her.'
b'The meaning of great is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks great on her.'
b'The meaning of great is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks great on her.'
b'The meaning of promise is similar to promise. John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b'The meaning of promise is similar to promise. John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The meaning of order is similar to order. John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The meaning of order is similar to order. John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b"The meaning of research is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his research.'
b"The meaning of research is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his research.'
b"The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his childhood.'
b"The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his childhood.'
b'The meaning of receive is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'received the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of receive is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'received the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'delivered the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'delivered the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of slow is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was slow.'
b'The meaning of slow is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was slow.'
b'The meaning of quick is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was quicker.'
b'The meaning of quick is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was quicker.'
b'The meaning of move is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of move is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of take is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of take is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of strip is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing strip.'
b'The meaning of strip is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing strip.'
b'The meaning of gear is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing gear.'
b'The meaning of gear is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing gear.'
b'The meaning of full is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was full.'
b'The meaning of full is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was full.'
b'The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was hungry.'
b'The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was hungry.'
b'The meaning of over is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was over.'
b'The meaning of over is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was over.'
b'The meaning of next is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was next.'
b'The meaning of next is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was next.'
b'The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch. Stretching The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch. Stretching The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The meaning of pat is similar to pat. Patting The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The meaning of pat is similar to pat. Patting The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The meaning of accept is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of accept is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of share is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of share is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The meaning of silence is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'silence.'
b'The meaning of silence is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'silence.'
b'The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'concentration.'
b'The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'concentration.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b'The meaning of stern is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a stern look.'
b'The meaning of stern is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a stern look.'
b'The meaning of ache is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs ached.'
b'The meaning of ache is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs ached.'
b'The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs dangled.'
b'The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs dangled.'
b'The meaning of arm is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'arms.'
b'The meaning of arm is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'arms.'
b'The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'bassinet.'
b'The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'bassinet.'
b"The meaning of furious is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were furious about it.'
b"The meaning of furious is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were furious about it.'
b"The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were embarrassed about it.'
b"The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were embarrassed about it.'
b'The meaning of retire is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had retired and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of retire is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had retired and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very compassionate.'
b'The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very compassionate.'
b'The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very cruel.'
b'The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very cruel.'
b'The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The meaning of regret is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The meaning of regret is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
