b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were sprimian.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were sprimian.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were sprimiaing.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were sprimiaing.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too opanity.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too opanity.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too opanity.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too opanity.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too fectitic.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is eramped.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is eramped.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is eramped.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is eramped.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too ocrium.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too ocrium.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too ocrium.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too ocrium.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was unflowiny.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was unflowiny.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was unflowiny.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was unflowiny.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had chilicing heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had chilicing heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had chilicing heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had chilicing heels.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is fleasiced.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ianing.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is fleasiced.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ianing.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is fleasiced.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ianing.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is fleasiced.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ianing.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was dopygicked.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was dopygicked.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was dopygiced.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was dopygiced.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'exanised they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'exanised they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'exanised they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'exanised they were lonely.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was reclaian.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was reclaian.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was reclaian.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was reclaian.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to reomych it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to reomych it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to reomych it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to reomych it.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ashlical.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ashlical.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ashlical.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ashlical.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is boormal.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is boormal.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is boormal.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is boormal.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very igraminy cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very igraminy cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very igraminy cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very igraminy cook.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was verotly.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was verotly.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was verotly.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was verotly.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had plucksted the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had plucksted the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had plucksted the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had plucksted the background check.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more ficysish.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more ficysish.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more ficysish.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more ficysish.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very ingensemiced.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very ingensemiced.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very ingensemiced.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very ingensemiced.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too unctimely.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too unctimely.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too unctimely.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too unctimely.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too lattering.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too lattering.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too lattering.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too lattering.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very ethiripy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very ethiripy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very ethiripy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very ethiripy.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a gratously memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a gratously memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a gratously memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a gratously memory.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more tripolopal.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more tripolopal.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more tripolopal.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more tripolopal.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too unctimely.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very icatelly.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too unctimely.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very icatelly.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too unctimely.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very icatelly.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too unctimely.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very icatelly.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too tibleal.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too tibleal.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too tibleal.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too tibleal.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me glikericed.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me glikericed.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me glikericed.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me glikericed.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was ariteabby.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was ariteabby.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was ariteabby.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was ariteabby.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is ianinger.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is ianinger.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is ianinger.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is ianinger.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too elapticed.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too elapticed.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too elapticed.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too elapticed.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'tanguinged out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'tanguinged out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'tanguinged out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'tanguinged out the heat.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were fleasiced.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were fleasiced.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were fleasiced.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were fleasiced.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that ntic.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that ntic.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that ntic.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that ntic.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced escolish.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced escolish.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced escolish.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced escolish.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just chilicinged some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just chilicinged some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just chilicinged some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just chilicinged some money.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very tasmoust.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very tasmoust.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very tasmoust.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very tasmoust.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very hablitid person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very hablitid person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very hablitid person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very hablitid person.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more haydrian.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more haydrian.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more haydrian.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more haydrian.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was apawne.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was apawne.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was apawne.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was apawne.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was unctimely.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was unctimely.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was unctimely.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was unctimely.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently bultritish.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently bultritish.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently bultritis.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently bultritis.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is goariny.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is goariny.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is goariny.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is goariny.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was omplably.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was omplably.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was omplably.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was omplably.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the shisconty size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the shisconty size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the shisconty size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the shisconty size.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to olastal.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to olastal.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to olastal.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to olastal.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was ulastanty.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was ulastanty.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was ulastanty.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was ulastanty.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in rocipal demand.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in rocipal demand.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in rocipal demand.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in rocipal demand.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too fectitic.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too fectitic.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too fectitic.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too fectitic.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too appectic.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too appectic.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too appectic.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too appectic.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too anumman.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too anumman.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too anumman.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too anumman.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south'	b'.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a graillogying look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a graillogying look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a graillogy look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a graillogy look.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too loligne.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too loligne.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too loligne.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too loligne.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too unctimely.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too unctimely.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too unctimely.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too unctimely.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more aroceler.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more aroceler.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more aroceler.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more aroceler.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too tanguing.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too tanguing.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too tanguing.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too tanguing.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more qercust cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more qercust cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more qercust cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more qercust cases.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was verotly.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too opanity.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was verotly.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too opanity.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was verotly.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too opanity.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was verotly.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too opanity.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother ntic.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother ntic.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother ntic.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother ntic.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfors with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfors with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfor with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfor with.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are more rassionty.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are more rassionty.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are more rassionty.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are more rassionty.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too riforce.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too riforce.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too riforce.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too riforce.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is fleasiced.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is fleasiced.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is fleasiced.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is fleasiced.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the adfoon.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the adfoon.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the adfoon.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the adfoon.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very veradory bladder.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very veradory bladder.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very veradory bladder.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very veradory bladder.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was llessy cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was llessy cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was llessy cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was llessy cold.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is eandly.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is eandly.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is eandly.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is eandly.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ratinniced.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ratinniced.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ratinniced.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ratinniced.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was lopdofy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was lopdofy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was lopdofy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was lopdofy.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is apawne.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is apawne.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is apawne.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is apawne.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a pilinfle.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a pilinfle.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a pilinfle.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a pilinfle.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always opanity.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always opanity.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always opanity.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always opanity.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a ocrium diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a ocrium diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a ocrium diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a ocrium diet.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too ulaeocky.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too ulaeocky.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too ulaeocky.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too ulaeocky.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is etallostic.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is etallostic.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is etallostic.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is etallostic.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to elaptic the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to elaptic the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to elaptic the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to elaptic the dogs.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was apunhal to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was apunhal to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was apunhal to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was apunhal to be damaged.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too heacchy.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too heacchy.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too heacchy.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too heacchy.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was chilicing.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was chilicing.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was chilicing.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was chilicing.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes loligne liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes loligne liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes loligne liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes loligne liquors.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be rundnessed.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be rundnessed.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be rundnessed.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be rundnessed.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too turanesh.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too turanesh.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too turanesh.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too turanesh.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was geaming.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was geaming.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was geaming.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was geaming.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was thunassed with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was thunassed with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was thunassing with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was thunassing with nutrients.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'tuaent the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'tuaent the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'tuaent the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'tuaent the money that day.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more ntic.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more ntic.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more ntic.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more ntic.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are more blectionaty.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are more blectionaty.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are blectionaty.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are blectionaty.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is nticky.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is nticky.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is nticked.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is nticked.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had ogromal breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had ogromal breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had ogromal breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had ogromal breath.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too orchiniced.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too orchiniced.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too orchiniced.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too orchiniced.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her shiscont.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her shiscont.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her shiscont.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her shiscont.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now appectic parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now appectic parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now appectic parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now appectic parked.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was fleasiced.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was fleasiced.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was fleasicked.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was fleasicked.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the onycol.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the onycol.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the onycol.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the onycol.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was tonaliny.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was tonaliny.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was tonaliny.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was tonaliny.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a ochedly stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a ochedly stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a ochedly stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a ochedly stick.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more fleasiced.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more fleasiced.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more fleasiced.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more fleasiced.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'priallord the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'priallord the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'priallord the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'priallord the peace and quiet.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too loligne.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too loligne.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too loligne.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too loligne.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is lloit.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is lloit.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is lloit.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is lloit.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is ubstly.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is ubstly.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is ubstly.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is ubstly.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was onsubow.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was onsubow.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was onsubow.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was onsubow.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more asynoth.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more asynoth.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more asynoth.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more asynoth.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could nonisdon the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could nonisdon the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could nonisdon the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could nonisdon the animal.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nKenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nKenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nKenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nKenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very ulaeocky.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very ulaeocky.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very ulaeocky.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very ulaeocky.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were trablucky.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were trablucky.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were trablucky.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were trablucky.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'verotlyed leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'verotlyed leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'verotlyed leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'verotlyed leather.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept daudoust.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept daudoust.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept daudoust.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept daudoust.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'autivables during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'autivables during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'autivables during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'autivables during the field raid.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was ingensemiced.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was ingensemiced.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was ingensemiced.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was ingensemiced.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was verotly.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was verotly.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was verotly.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was verotly.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ariteabby diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ariteabby diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ariteabby diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ariteabby diet.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was ethiripy.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was ethiripy.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was ethiripy.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was ethiripy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too chilicing.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too chilicing.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too chilicing.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too chilicing.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were tripolopal.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were tripolopal.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were tripolopal.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were tripolopal.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is hablitid.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is hablitid.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is hablitid.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is hablitid.'
