b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to push for something.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to push for something.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned. The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned. The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned. The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned. The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring.\n\nFrank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ptiffect means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring.\n\nFrank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ptiffect means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated.\n\nFrank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ptiffect means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated.\n\nFrank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ptiffect means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b"riverdent The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is low in stature; not tall.'
b"riverdent The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is low in stature; not tall.'
b"riverdent The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"riverdent The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a tringicianty start. The meaning of tringicianty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a tringicianty start. The meaning of tringicianty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a tringicianty start. The meaning of tringicianty is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a tringicianty start. The meaning of tringicianty is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acockcamed. The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably."
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acockcamed. The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't acockcam. The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't acockcam. The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAnna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of inationcing is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAnna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of inationcing is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAnna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of inationcing is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAnna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of inationcing is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students"	b'. The verb to tridogism means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students"	b'. The verb to tridogism means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students"	b'. The verb to tridogism means to free from harm or evil.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students"	b'. The verb to tridogism means to free from harm or evil.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was ochacor. The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was ochacor. The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b"riverdent The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b"riverdent The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b'riverdent The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b'riverdent The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so emposcioned. The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out. The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so emposcioned. The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out. The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so emposcioned. The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out. The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so emposcioned. The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out. The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion. The word prodittion refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion. The word prodittion refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion. The word prodittion refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion. The word prodittion refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly. The meaning of iounsly is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly. The meaning of iounsly is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly. The meaning of iounsly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly. The meaning of iounsly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossed by this time. The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossed by this time. The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossy by this time. The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossy by this time. The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft. The meaning of osturaft is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft. The meaning of osturaft is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft. The meaning of osturaft is showing careful forethought.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft. The meaning of osturaft is showing careful forethought.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle down. The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle down. The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag down. The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag down. The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be cautorossed by this time. The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be cautorossed by this time. The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be cautorossy by this time. The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be cautorossy by this time. The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't acockcamed. The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't acockcamed. The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't acockcam. The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't acockcam. The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was logworessy, so it worked out. The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was logworessy, so it worked out. The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was logworessed, so it worked out. The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was logworessed, so it worked out. The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down. The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down. The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinking. The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinking. The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently. The meaning of prodittic is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently. The meaning of prodittic is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently. The verb to prodittion means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently. The verb to prodittion means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'. The verb to iounsly means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'. The verb to iounsly means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'. The verb to iounsly means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'. The verb to iounsly means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomatic. The word biforcomatic means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomatic. The word biforcomatic means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomated. The verb to biforcoma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomated. The verb to biforcoma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been cublitus for five years. The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been cublitus for five years. The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been cublitust for five years. The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been cublitust for five years. The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could thdoper. The verb to thdoper means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper. The verb to thdoper means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper. The verb to thdoper means to be asleep.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could thdoper. The verb to thdoper means to be asleep.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitus for five years. The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitus for five years. The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitust for five years. The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitust for five years. The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries proononiaty. The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries proononiaty. The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty. The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty. The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes"	b'. The verb to epoerist means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens"	b'. The verb to epoerist means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens"	b'. The verb to epoerist means to keep watch over.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes"	b'. The verb to epoerist means to keep watch over.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitus within weeks. The verb to cublitus means to win a victory over.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitus within weeks. The verb to cublitus means to win a victory over.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is very good.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitust within weeks. The meaning of cublitust is having won.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is very good.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitust within weeks. The meaning of cublitust is having won.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment. The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment. The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago. The verb to arfermid means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago. The verb to arfermid means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to push for something.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago. The verb to arfermid means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to push for something.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago. The verb to arfermid means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of tlighty is stubbornly unyielding.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of tlighty is stubbornly unyielding.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of tlighty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of tlighty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to alogisther means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to alogisther means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to alogisther means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to alogisther means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of iounsly in it. The word iounsly refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of iounsly in it. The word iounsly refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of iounslys in it. The word iounsly refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of iounslys in it. The word iounsly refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is not necessary.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is not necessary.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the arfermid. The word arfermid refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the arfermid. The word arfermid refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the arfermid. The word arfermid refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the arfermid. The word arfermid refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely. The verb to gliveress means to feel admiration for.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely. The verb to gliveress means to feel admiration for.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely. The verb to gliveress means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely. The verb to gliveress means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced. The meaning of enesiventiced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced. The meaning of enesiventiced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was broinking. The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced. The meaning of enesiventiced is not wide.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was broinking. The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced. The meaning of enesiventiced is not wide.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is very good.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is very good.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nJohn hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nJohn hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nJohn hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nJohn hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries proononiaty. The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries proononiaty. The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more proononiaty. The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one's possession."
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more proononiaty. The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one's possession."
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor. The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor. The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue.\n\nriverdent The woman'	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue.\n\nriverdent The girl'	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nriverdent The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nriverdent The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler. The word amenopseler refers to the absence of sound.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler. The word amenopseler refers to the absence of sound.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler. The word amenopseler refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler. The word amenopseler refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to feel physical pain.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to feel physical pain.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to hang freely.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to hang freely.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b"alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b"alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it. The meaning of mornatedish is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it. The meaning of mornatedish is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is not necessary.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it. The meaning of mornatedish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is not necessary.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it. The meaning of mornatedish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b"had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b"had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment. The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment. The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is showing or having compassion.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is showing or having compassion.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
