b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya was not very happy. The word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya was not very happy. The word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina was not very happy. The word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina was not very happy. The word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was heavier. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was heavier. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium"	b'was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park"	b'was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park"	b'was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium"	b'was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had passed the background check. The verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had passed the background check. The verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had failed the background check. The verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had failed the background check. The verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck"	b'had run more recently. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the car"	b'had run more recently. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car"	b'had run more recently. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck"	b'had run more recently. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen"	b'showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil"	b'showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil"	b'showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen"	b'showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate"	b'was very firm. The meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b"The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel"	b'was very firm. The meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b"The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel"	b'was very soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate"	b'was very soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is tough. The meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is tough. The meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was blind. The meaning of blind is unable to see.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was blind. The meaning of blind is unable to see.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was sighted. The meaning of sighted is able to see.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was sighted. The meaning of sighted is able to see.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was heavier. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was heavier. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was blind. The meaning of blind is unable to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was blind. The meaning of blind is unable to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was sighted. The meaning of sighted is able to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was sighted. The meaning of sighted is able to see.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks away. The word away means at a distance in space or time.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very firm. The meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks away. The word away means at a distance in space or time.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very firm. The meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks long. The word long means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks long. The word long means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too mild. The meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too mild. The meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too straight. The meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too straight. The meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b"John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.'
b"John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.'
b"John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b"John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b"Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport"	b'is that small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse"	b'is that small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse"	b'is that big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport"	b'is that big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very unhealthy diet. The meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very unhealthy diet. The meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks away. The word away means at a distance in space or time.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks away. The word away means at a distance in space or time.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks long. The word long means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks long. The word long means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole"	b'was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit"	b'was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit"	b'was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole"	b'was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very firm. The meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very firm. The meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is strong. The meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is strong. The meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had passed the background check. The verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had passed the background check. The verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had failed the background check. The verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had failed the background check. The verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen"	b'. The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b"Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the bedroom"	b'. The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b"Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom"	b'. The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b"Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the kitchen"	b'. The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south'	b'. The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the north'	b'. The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north"	b'. The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the south"	b'. The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin"	b'a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam"	b'a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too mild. The meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too mild. The meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too straight. The meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too straight. The meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very unhealthy diet. The meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very unhealthy diet. The meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil"	b'was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water"	b'was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water"	b'was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil"	b'was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is tough. The meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is tough. The meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b"was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b"was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was blind. The meaning of blind is unable to see.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was blind. The meaning of blind is unable to see.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was sighted. The meaning of sighted is able to see.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was sighted. The meaning of sighted is able to see.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was rich. The meaning of rich is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was rich. The meaning of rich is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was poor. The meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was poor. The meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks away. The word away means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks away. The word away means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks long. The word long means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks long. The word long means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b"Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone"	b'was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.'
b"Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop"	b'was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.'
b"Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop"	b'was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.'
b"Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone"	b'was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is strong. The meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is strong. The meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin"	b'had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick"	b'had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is strong. The meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is strong. The meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams'	b'. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the corn'	b'. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn'	b'. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the yams'	b'. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had passed the background check. The verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had passed the background check. The verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had failed the background check. The verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had failed the background check. The verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b"We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b"We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b"We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is tough. The meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is tough. The meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason"	b'received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett"	b'received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.'
b"the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was rich. The meaning of rich is possessing material wealth.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures"	b'because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was rich. The meaning of rich is possessing material wealth.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants"	b'because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was poor. The meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants"	b'because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b"the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was poor. The meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures"	b'because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Leslie immediately. The verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Leslie immediately. The verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Aaron immediately. The verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Aaron immediately. The verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of.'
b"Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b"Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south . The word sun refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north . The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.'
b"Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b"Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy 's face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b"Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.'
b"Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick 's face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor.'
b"The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b"The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b"The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b"was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b"The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b"was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page"	b'is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list"	b'is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was heavier. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica"	b'had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was heavier. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie"	b'had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie"	b'had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica"	b'had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven"	b'is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig"	b'is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig"	b'is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven"	b'is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya was not very happy. The word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya was not very happy. The word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina was not very happy. The word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina was not very happy. The word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya"	b'was not very happy. The word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Katrina"	b'was not very happy. The word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina"	b'was not very happy. The word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Tanya"	b'was not very happy. The word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.'
b"Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.'
b"Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.'
b"Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone"	b'is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television"	b'is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television"	b'is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone"	b'is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth"	b'was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun"	b'was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun"	b'was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth"	b'was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very unhealthy diet. The meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very unhealthy diet. The meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable"	b'previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the internet"	b'previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet"	b'previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the cable"	b'previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy"	b'was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch"	b'was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch"	b'was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.'
b"the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy"	b'was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service.'
b"Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick"	b'is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b"Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig"	b'is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
