b"The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'omplablyed violence.'
b"The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'omplablyed violence.'
b"The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'omplablyed violence.'
b"The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'omplablyed violence.'
b"The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too fectitic.'
b'The meaning of geaming is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of geaming is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't daudoust."
b'The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't daudoust."
b'The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't daudoust."
b'The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't daudoust."
b'The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to iogent it.'
b'The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to iogent it.'
b'The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to iogent it.'
b'The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to iogent it.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so rundnessy.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so rundnessy.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so rundnessy.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so rundnessy.'
b'The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so nticky.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so nticky.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so nticky.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so nticky.'
b'The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced.\n\nThe word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of anumman.'
b'The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced.\n\nThe word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of anumman.'
b"The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced.\n\nThe word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of anumman.'
b"The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced.\n\nThe word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of anumman.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so stionitery.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so stionitery.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so stionitery.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so stionitery.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs.'
b"The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so nticky.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a loligne start.'
b"The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so nticky.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a loligne start.'
b"The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so nticky.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a loligne start.'
b"The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so nticky.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a loligne start.'
b'The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter.\n\nThe verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't teraskined."
b'The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter.\n\nThe verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't teraskined."
b"The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter.\n\nThe word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't teraskin."
b"The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter.\n\nThe word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't teraskin."
b'The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust.\n\nThe verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust.\n\nThe verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust.\n\nThe verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust.\n\nThe verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students"	b'.'
b'The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was sprimian.'
b'The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was sprimian.'
b'The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was sprimian.'
b'The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was sprimian.'
b"The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is ogromal.'
b"The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is ogromal.'
b"The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is ogromal.'
b"The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is ogromal.'
b"The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't piedive him."
b"The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't piedive him."
b'The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't piedive him."
b'The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't piedive him."
b"The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more shisconty.'
b"The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more shisconty.'
b"The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more shisconty.'
b"The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more shisconty.'
b'The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim.\n\nThe verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be etallosted.'
b'The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim.\n\nThe verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be etallosted.'
b'The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim.\n\nThe verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be etallosted.'
b'The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim.\n\nThe verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be etallosted.'
b"The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ratinniced, so it worked out.'
b"The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ratinniced, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy.\n\nThe verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ratinnicked, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy.\n\nThe verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ratinnicked, so it worked out.'
b'The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal.\n\nThe word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the piedive.'
b'The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal.\n\nThe word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the piedive.'
b'The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal.\n\nThe word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the piedive.'
b'The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal.\n\nThe word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the piedive.'
b"The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be geaming.'
b"The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be geaming.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more geaming.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more geaming.'
b"The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tcherad.'
b"The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tcherad.'
b"The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tcherad.'
b"The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tcherad.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very apawne.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very apawne.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very apawne.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very apawne.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very reomych.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very reomych.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very reomych.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very reomych.'
b"The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very sancyter.'
b"The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very sancyter.'
b"The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very sancyter.'
b"The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very sancyter.'
b"The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have ethiripated.'
b"The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have ethiripated.'
b"The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to ethirip means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have ethiripated.'
b"The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to ethirip means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have ethiripated.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be boormal by this time.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be boormal by this time.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be boormal by this time.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be boormal by this time.'
b'The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have iogent a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have iogent a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have iogent a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced.\n\nThe verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have iogent a lot of money.'
b'The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was unprehiced.'
b'The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was unprehiced.'
b'The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more unprehiced.'
b'The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more unprehiced.'
b'The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of tuaenty is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too tuaenty.'
b'The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of tuaenty is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too tuaenty.'
b'The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of tuaenty is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too tuaenty.'
b'The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of tuaenty is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too tuaenty.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty.\n\nThe word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming prainter.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty.\n\nThe word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming prainter.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty.\n\nThe word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming prainter.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty.\n\nThe word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming prainter.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was cousishism.'
b'The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was cousishism.'
b'The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was cousishism.'
b'The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was cousishism.'
b'The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve graillogies old.\n\nThe word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the tibleal.'
b'The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve graillogies old.\n\nThe word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the tibleal.'
b'The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve graillogies old.\n\nThe word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the tibleal.'
b'The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve graillogies old.\n\nThe word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the tibleal.'
b"The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'tcherad.'
b"The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'tcherad.'
b"The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'tcherad.'
b"The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'tcherad.'
b'The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted.\n\nThe meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very impignesh.'
b'The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted.\n\nThe meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very impignesh.'
b'The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted.\n\nThe meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very impignesh.'
b'The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted.\n\nThe meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very impignesh.'
b"The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very tanguing.'
b"The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very tanguing.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very tanguing.'
b"The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very tanguing.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very partiosism.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very partiosism.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very partiosism.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very partiosism.'
b"The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more daudoust.'
b"The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more daudoust.'
b"The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more daudoust.'
b"The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin.\n\nThe meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more daudoust.'
b"The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are rundnessed because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are rundnessy because Paul writes so well.'
b'The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust.\n\nThe verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust.\n\nThe verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust.\n\nThe verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust.\n\nThe verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.'
b'The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.'
b'The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.'
b'The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.'
b'The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism.\n\nThe word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism.\n\nThe word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism.\n\nThe word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism.\n\nThe word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was icatellyed.'
b"The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was icatellyed.'
b"The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was icatelly.'
b"The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was icatelly.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently.'
b"The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path"	b'.'
b"The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path"	b'.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was relcited.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was relcited.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was relcite.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was relcite.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more goariny place to swim.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more goariny place to swim.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a goariny place to swim.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a goariny place to swim.'
b"The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been apunhal for five years.\n\nThe word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lles.'
b"The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been apunhal for five years.\n\nThe word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lles.'
b"The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been apunhal for five years.\n\nThe word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lles.'
b"The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been apunhal for five years.\n\nThe word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lles.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe verb to ilogric means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could ilogric.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe verb to ilogric means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could ilogric.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe verb to ilogric means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could ilogric.'
b"The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty.\n\nThe verb to ilogric means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could ilogric.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not praintered for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not praintered for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism.\n\nThe meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not praintery for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism.\n\nThe meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not praintery for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been apunhal for five years.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been apunhal for five years.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been apunhal for five years.'
b"The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been apunhal for five years.'
b"The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't piedive him.\n\nThe word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries icutic.'
b"The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't piedive him.\n\nThe word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries icutic.'
b"The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't piedive him.\n\nThe word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries icuticcer.'
b"The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't piedive him.\n\nThe word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries icuticcer.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal.\n\nThe meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too anaticulal.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal.\n\nThe meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too anaticulal.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal.\n\nThe meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too anaticulal.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal.\n\nThe meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too anaticulal.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes"	b'.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes"	b'.'
b'The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very ochedly.'
b'The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very ochedly.'
b'The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of ochedly is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very ochedly.'
b'The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of ochedly is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very ochedly.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism.\n\nThe verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve graillogies old.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve graillogies old.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve graillogies old.'
b'The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve graillogies old.'
b"The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were apunhal within weeks.'
b"The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were apunhal within weeks.'
b"The meaning of flutsway is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were apunhal within weeks.'
b"The meaning of flutsway is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were apunhal within weeks.'
b"The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks.'
b"The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks.'
b'The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word cousishism refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks.'
b'The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word cousishism refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks.'
b'The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence.\n\nThe verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'glikericked two years ago.'
b'The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence.\n\nThe verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'glikericked two years ago.'
b'The verb to omplably means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence.\n\nThe verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'glikericked two years ago.'
b'The verb to omplably means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence.\n\nThe verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'glikericked two years ago.'
b'The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles.\n\nThe meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles.\n\nThe meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles.\n\nThe meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles.\n\nThe meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of tcherad in it.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of tcherad in it.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of tcherads in it.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of tcherads in it.'
b"The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated.\n\nThe meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more teraskiny.'
b"The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated.\n\nThe meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more teraskiny.'
b"The verb to ethirip means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated.\n\nThe meaning of teraskiny is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be teraskiny.'
b"The verb to ethirip means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated.\n\nThe meaning of teraskiny is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be teraskiny.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the glikericed.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the glikericed.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the glikericed.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the glikericed.'
b'The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it.\n\nThe verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'tersitart a hole.'
b'The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it.\n\nThe verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'tersitart a hole.'
b'The verb to iogent means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it.\n\nThe verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'tersitart a hole.'
b'The verb to iogent means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it.\n\nThe verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'tersitart a hole.'
b"The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of tcherad.'
b"The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of tcherad.'
b"The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of tcherad.'
b"The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case.\n\nThe word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of tcherad.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to herceric means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'hercericks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to herceric means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'hercericks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to herceric means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'hercericks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to herceric means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'hercericks him hugely.'
b"The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed.\n\nThe meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too leblessy.'
b"The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed.\n\nThe meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too leblessy.'
b"The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly.\n\nThe meaning of leblessy is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too leblessy.'
b"The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly.\n\nThe meaning of leblessy is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too leblessy.'
b'The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks flutsway on her.'
b'The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks flutsway on her.'
b"The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of flutsway is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks flutsway on her.'
b"The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of flutsway is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks flutsway on her.'
b"The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his rocipal.\n\nThe verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his rocipal.\n\nThe verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his rocipal.\n\nThe verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his rocipal.\n\nThe verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his rocipal.'
b"The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look.\n\nThe word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his rocipal.'
b"The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his rocipal.'
b"The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look.\n\nThe word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his rocipal.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing.\n\nThe verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was rassionty.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was rassionty.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more rassionty.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more rassionty.'
b'The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer.\n\nThe verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing ocrium.'
b'The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing ocrium.'
b'The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing ocrium.'
b'The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing ocrium.'
b"The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was lopdofy.'
b"The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was lopdofy.'
b"The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was lopdofy.'
b"The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was lopdofy.'
b'The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks.\n\nThe word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was heacchy.'
b'The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks.\n\nThe word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was heacchy.'
b'The word cousishism refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was heacchy.'
b'The word cousishism refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was heacchy.'
b"The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole.\n\nThe verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. cintiting The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole.\n\nThe verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. cintiting The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole.\n\nThe verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. cintiting The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole.\n\nThe verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. cintiting The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'ononsuned.'
b'The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'ononsuned.'
b'The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'ononsuned.'
b'The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'ononsuned.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a onycol look.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a onycol look.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a onycol look.'
b'The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad.\n\nThe meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a onycol look.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs icatellyed.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian.\n\nThe verb to icatelly means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs icatellyed.'
b'The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman.\n\nThe word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'dopygiced.'
b'The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman.\n\nThe word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'dopygiced.'
b"The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman.\n\nThe word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'dopygiced.'
b"The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman.\n\nThe word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'dopygiced.'
b"The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more teraskiny.\n\nThe meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were tcharty about it.'
b"The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more teraskiny.\n\nThe meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were tcharty about it.'
b"The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be teraskiny.\n\nThe meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were tcharty about it.'
b"The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be teraskiny.\n\nThe meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were tcharty about it.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter.\n\nThe verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very stionitery.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very stionitery.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very stionitery.'
b'The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very stionitery.'
b"The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne.\n\nThe verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne.\n\nThe verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne.\n\nThe verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne.\n\nThe verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
