b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad. The word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad. The word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad. The meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad. The meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'. The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'. The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'. The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'. The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b"was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b"was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable'	b'previously. The word logely means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet'	b'previously. The word logely means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet'	b'previously. The word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable'	b'previously. The word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
