b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.'
b"The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable previously. The word logely means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable previously. The word logely means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet previously. The word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet previously. The word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced araphad. The word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced araphad. The word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced araphad. The meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced araphad. The meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b"John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.'
b"John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.'
b"John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b"John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad. The word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad. The word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad. The meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad. The meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan"	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter"	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter"	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan"	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b"I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.'
b"The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b"The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b"The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen"	b'. The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom"	b'. The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom"	b'. The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen"	b'. The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'. The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'. The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'. The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'. The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin"	b'a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam"	b'a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b"Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah"	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria"	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria"	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah"	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b"was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b"was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b"Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria"	b'followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia"	b'followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia"	b'followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria"	b'followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin"	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick"	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b"Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b"Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.'
b"Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b"We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b"We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b"We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent"	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.'
b"Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door"	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen . The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom . The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b"Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees"	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.'
b"Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees"	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of.'
b"Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b"Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.'
b"The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.'
b"Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b"Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy 's face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b"Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.'
b"Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick 's face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor.'
b"The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b"The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b"The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b"was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b"The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b"was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room"	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom"	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom"	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room"	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b"I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page"	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list"	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south . The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north . The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b"They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots"	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b"They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts"	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b"They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts"	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b"They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots"	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.'
b"Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.'
b"Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.'
b"Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock"	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete"	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete"	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock"	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable"	b'previously. The word logely means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet"	b'previously. The word logely means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet"	b'previously. The word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable"	b'previously. The word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b"Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick"	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams . The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig"	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig"	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
b"Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn . The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick"	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
