b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to fail to win.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to fail to win.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b"Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could ilogric. The verb to ilogric means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could ilogric. The verb to ilogric means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could ilogric. The verb to ilogric means to be asleep.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could ilogric. The verb to ilogric means to be asleep.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b"cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall.'
b"cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall.'
b"cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of tcherad in it. The word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down. The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of tcherad in it. The word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down. The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of tcherads in it. The word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down. The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of tcherads in it. The word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down. The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is wanting in physical strength.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so nticky. The meaning of nticky is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of tcherad in it. The word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of tcherad in it. The word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of tcherads in it. The word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of tcherads in it. The word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students"	b'. The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students"	b'. The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students"	b'. The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students"	b'. The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy. The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy. The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b"cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been apunhal for five years. The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b"cintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been apunhal for five years. The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b"cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been apunhal for five years. The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b"cintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been apunhal for five years. The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to fail to win.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to fail to win.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too tuaenty. The meaning of tuaenty is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too tuaenty. The meaning of tuaenty is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too tuaenty. The meaning of tuaenty is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too tuaenty. The meaning of tuaenty is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too tuaenty. The meaning of tuaenty is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too tuaenty. The meaning of tuaenty is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too tuaenty. The meaning of tuaenty is showing careful forethought.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too tuaenty. The meaning of tuaenty is showing careful forethought.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down. The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down. The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down. The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down. The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\ncintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\ncintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\ncintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to fail to win.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\ncintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to fail to win.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute"	b'since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece"	b'since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece"	b'since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute"	b'since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle"	b'down. The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so rundnessy. The word rundnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag"	b'down. The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag"	b'down. The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so rundnessy. The meaning of rundnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle"	b'down. The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\ncintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\ncintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.\n\ncintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.\n\ncintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path"	b'. The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake"	b'. The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake"	b'. The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path"	b'. The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy. The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy. The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is not wide.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one\'s possession.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is not wide.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been apunhal for five years. The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been apunhal for five years. The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been apunhal for five years. The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been apunhal for five years. The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could ilogric. The verb to ilogric means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could ilogric. The verb to ilogric means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could ilogric. The verb to ilogric means to be asleep.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could ilogric. The verb to ilogric means to be asleep.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been apunhal for five years. The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been apunhal for five years. The verb to apunhal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been apunhal for five years. The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been apunhal for five years. The meaning of apunhal is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\ncintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\ncintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\ncintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\ncintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes"	b'. The verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens"	b'. The verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is not wide.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens"	b'. The verb to unctimely means to keep watch over.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is not wide.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes"	b'. The verb to unctimely means to keep watch over.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\ncintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes"	b'have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\ncintiting The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to be standing; be upright.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens"	b'have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is fearless and daring.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\ncintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\ncintiting The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to ablesquity instead. The verb to ablesquity means to deliver by singing.\n\nFrank felt nticked when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to ntick means to humiliate or depress completely.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very ochedly. The meaning of ochedly is easily agitated.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be boormal by this time. The verb to boormal means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very partiosism. The meaning of partiosism is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be boormal by this time. The word boormal means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve graillogies old. The word graillogy refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down. The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The sand castle down. The word fleasiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were apunhal within weeks. The verb to apunhal means to win a victory over.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down. The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the fleasiced knocked The flag down. The word fleasiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were apunhal within weeks. The meaning of apunhal is having won.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes . The verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes . The verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens . The verb to unctimely means to keep watch over.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens . The verb to unctimely means to keep watch over.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists"	b'glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish"	b'glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish"	b'glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists"	b'glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.'
b"Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars"	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b"Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists"	b'were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very drunited, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of drunited is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of tcherad in it. The word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of tcherad in it. The word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of tcherads in it. The word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a loligne start. The meaning of loligne is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of tcherads in it. The word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to fail to win.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have ethiripated. The verb to ethirip means to fail to win.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAnna did a lot more ulastanty than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ulastanty is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve hercericks him hugely. The verb to herceric means to feel admiration for.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve hercericks him hugely. The verb to herceric means to feel admiration for.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred hercericks him hugely. The verb to herceric means to have and exert influence or effect.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred hercericks him hugely. The verb to herceric means to have and exert influence or effect.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is ogromal. The meaning of ogromal is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'hercericks him hugely. The verb to herceric means to feel admiration for.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'hercericks him hugely. The verb to herceric means to feel admiration for.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'hercericks him hugely. The verb to herceric means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'hercericks him hugely. The verb to herceric means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was piedive to speak it fluently. The meaning of piedive is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't teraskined. The verb to teraskin means to fix firmly and stably.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is not wide.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was piedive to speak it fluently. The verb to piedive means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't teraskin. The word teraskin refers to being on a precise horizontal plane.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is not wide.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be geaming. The meaning of geaming is easy to reach.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more geaming. The meaning of geaming is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a goariny place to swim. The meaning of goariny is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks flutsway on her. The meaning of flutsway is very good.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is not wide.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too leblessy. The meaning of leblessy is not wide.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nJohn pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too tcherad. The meaning of tcherad is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more unprehiced. The meaning of unprehiced is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his rocipal. The word rocipal refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish glikericked two years ago. The verb to glikeric means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lles. The word lless refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was icatelly. The word icatelly means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries icutic. The word icutic means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to tcherad means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one's possession."
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries icuticcer. The word icutic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators omplablyed violence. The verb to omplably means to push for something.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he tcherad Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to tcherad means to take into one's possession."
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes . The verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes . The verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens . The verb to unctimely means to keep watch over.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be etallosted. The verb to etallost means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens . The verb to unctimely means to keep watch over.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the tibleal. The word tibleal refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing ocrium. The word ocrium refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was heacchy. The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to put an end to a state or an activity.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was heacchy. The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to dopygic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to dopygic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was cousishism. The meaning of cousishism is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the glikericed. The word glikericed refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\ncintiting The woman"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have as a result or residue.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The older students . The verb to riforce means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\ncintiting The girl"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\ncintiting The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot tersitart a hole. The verb to tersitar means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He dationart His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to dationart means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we riforce The younger students . The verb to riforce means to free from harm or evil.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\ncintiting The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to cintiter means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy"	b'toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is aroused to impatience or anger.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby"	b'toy. The verb to ogromal means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Toby"	b'toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very impignesh. The meaning of impignesh is causing irritation or annoyance.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the sellness of the stairs. The word sellness refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very reomych. The meaning of reomych is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't ogromal Billy"	b'toy. The verb to ogromal means to use jointly or in common.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to the absence of sound.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for cousishism on the river banks. The word cousishism refers to adult male deer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of tcherad. The word tcherad refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'ononsuned. The word ononsuned refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was relcited. The word relcited means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ratinniced, so it worked out. The meaning of ratinniced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof tcherad. The verb to tcherad means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't piedive him. The verb to piedive means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was relcite. The verb to relcite means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ratinnicked, so it worked out. The verb to ratinnic means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a onycol look. The meaning of onycol is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of tcherad in it. The word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is holding or containing nothing.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of tcherad in it. The word tcherad refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The path . The verb to tcherad means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The book when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to feel physical pain.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of tcherads in it. The word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of tcherads in it. The word tcherad refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't tcherad The lake . The verb to tcherad means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She inepaticks The article when she gets home from work. The verb to inepatic means to produce a literary work.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs icatellyed. The verb to icatelly means to hang freely.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy. The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was heacchy. The word heacchy means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b"dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of anumman. The word anumman refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is immediately following in time or order.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more shisconty. The meaning of shisconty is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has eandlyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to eandly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b"dopygiced. The word dopygiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be teraskiny. The meaning of teraskiny is not necessary.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective inepaticked the final report on the case. The verb to inepatic means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have iogent a lot of money. The verb to iogent means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b"had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not praintered for the cold in Alaska. The verb to praintery means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b"had adfooned and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to adfoon means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very sancyter. The meaning of sancyter is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not praintery for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of praintery is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to iogent it. The verb to iogent means to react verbally.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had adfoon and presented several options for future treatment. The word adfoon refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes . The verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to pilinfle means to make a promise or commitment.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The foxes . The verb to unctimely means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is marked by extreme anger.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is showing or having compassion.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens . The verb to unctimely means to keep watch over.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b"John pilinfles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to pilinfle means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to unctimely The chickens . The verb to unctimely means to keep watch over.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from unflowining at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to unflowin means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming prainter. The word prainter refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were tcharty about it. The meaning of tcharty is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very stionitery. The meaning of stionitery is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are rundnessed because Paul writes so well. The verb to rundness means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the piedive. The word piedive refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very apawne. The meaning of apawne is widely known and esteemed.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are rundnessy because Paul writes so well. The meaning of rundnessy is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too anaticulal. The meaning of anaticulal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the piedive. The word piedive refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca ianinged that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to ianing means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
