b'The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b'The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b'The verb to hydrubous means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b'The verb to hydrubous means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b'The verb to broinking means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The verb to ptiffect means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to ptiffect means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to ptiffect means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to ptiffect means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b'The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b'The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b'The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b'The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b'The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acockcamed."
b'The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acockcamed."
b'The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acockcam."
b'The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acockcam."
b'The meaning of inationcing is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of inationcing is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of inationcing is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of inationcing is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The verb to tridogism means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students'	b'.'
b'The verb to tridogism means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students'	b'.'
b'The verb to tridogism means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students'	b'.'
b'The verb to tridogism means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced.'
b"The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother.'
b"The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother.'
b"The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother.'
b"The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother.'
b'The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b'The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b'The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b'The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b"The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b"The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b"The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b"The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b'The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b'The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b'The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b'The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b"The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out.'
b"The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out.'
b"The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out.'
b'The word prodittion refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The word prodittion refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The word prodittion refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The word prodittion refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be comaticarotic.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be comaticarotic.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be more comaticarotic.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be more comaticarotic.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossed by this time.'
b"The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossed by this time.'
b"The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossy by this time.'
b"The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossy by this time.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was ratisking.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was ratisking.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more ratisking.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more ratisking.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b"The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b"The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b'The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b'The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b"The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b'The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinkinged.'
b"The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinkinged.'
b"The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinking.'
b"The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinking.'
b'The meaning of prodittic is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of prodittic is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to prodittion means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to prodittion means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently.'
b"The verb to iounsly means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'.'
b"The verb to iounsly means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'.'
b"The verb to iounsly means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'.'
b"The verb to iounsly means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'.'
b'The word biforcomatic means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomatic.'
b'The word biforcomatic means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomatic.'
b'The verb to biforcoma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomated.'
b'The verb to biforcoma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomated.'
b'The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a achizency place to swim.'
b'The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The verb to thdoper means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could thdoper.'
b"The verb to thdoper means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper.'
b"The verb to thdoper means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper.'
b'The verb to thdoper means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could thdoper.'
b'The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitus for five years.'
b"The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitus for five years.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitust for five years.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitust for five years.'
b'The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries proononiaty.'
b'The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries proononiaty.'
b'The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty.'
b'The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b'The verb to epoerist means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes'	b'.'
b'The verb to epoerist means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens'	b'.'
b'The verb to epoerist means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens'	b'.'
b'The verb to epoerist means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes'	b'.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b'The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b'The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b'The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b"The verb to cublitus means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitus within weeks.'
b"The verb to cublitus means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitus within weeks.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitust within weeks.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitust within weeks.'
b'The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The verb to arfermid means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The verb to arfermid means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The verb to arfermid means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The verb to arfermid means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The verb to alogisther means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The verb to alogisther means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The verb to alogisther means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The verb to alogisther means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word iounsly refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of iounsly in it.'
b'The word iounsly refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of iounsly in it.'
b'The word iounsly refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of iounslys in it.'
b'The word iounsly refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of iounslys in it.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more acockcam.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more acockcam.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be acockcam.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be acockcam.'
b'The word arfermid refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The word arfermid refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The word arfermid refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The word arfermid refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b'The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b'The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b'The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b"The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The verb to gliveress means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The verb to gliveress means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The verb to gliveress means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The verb to gliveress means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b'The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b"The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b"The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b"The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b"The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b'The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b"The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. riverdent The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. riverdent The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. riverdent The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. riverdent The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The word amenopseler refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The word amenopseler refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The word amenopseler refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The word amenopseler refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The verb to broinking means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'alogistheres.'
b'The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'alogistheres.'
b"The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'alogisther.'
b"The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'alogisther.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
