b'The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'feared violence.'
b'The verb to fear means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of fear is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'feared violence.'
b'The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'advocated violence.'
b'The verb to advocate means to push for something. The meaning of advocate is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'advocated violence.'
b"The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too large.'
b"The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too large.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too small.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too small.'
b'The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had received.'
b'The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had received.'
b'The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had given.'
b'The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had given.'
b'The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't successful."
b'The meaning of successful is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of successful is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't successful."
b'The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't available."
b'The meaning of available is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of available is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't available."
b'The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to repeat it.'
b'The verb to repeat means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of repeat is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to repeat it.'
b'The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to answer it.'
b'The verb to answer means to react verbally. The meaning of answer is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to answer it.'
b'The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so fast.'
b'The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so fast.'
b'The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so slow.'
b'The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so slow.'
b'The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate. Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to vindicate means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of vindicate is similar to vindicate. Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of crush is similar to crush. Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to crush means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of crush is similar to crush. Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so weak.'
b"The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so weak.'
b"The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so heavy.'
b"The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so heavy.'
b'The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of steel.'
b'The word steel refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of steel is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of steel.'
b'The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of styrofoam.'
b'The word styrofoam refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of styrofoam is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of styrofoam.'
b"The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so short.'
b"The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so short.'
b"The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so tall.'
b"The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so tall.'
b'The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the top of the stairs.'
b'The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the top of the stairs.'
b'The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the bottom of the stairs.'
b'The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the bottom of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a good start.'
b'The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a good start.'
b'The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a bad start.'
b'The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a bad start.'
b'The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't anchored."
b'The verb to anchor means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of anchor is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't anchored."
b'The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't level."
b'The word level refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of level is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't level."
b'The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well. Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well. Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad. Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad. Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students'	b'.'
b'The verb to punish means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of punish is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The younger students'	b'.'
b'The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students'	b'.'
b'The verb to rescue means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of rescue is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The older students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was empty.'
b'The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was empty.'
b'The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was full.'
b'The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was full.'
b"The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is nosy.'
b"The meaning of nosy is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of nosy is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is nosy.'
b"The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is indiscreet.'
b"The meaning of indiscreet is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of indiscreet is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is indiscreet.'
b'The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't convince him."
b'The verb to convince means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of convince is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't convince him."
b'The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't understand him."
b'The verb to understand means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of understand is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't understand him."
b"The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years younger.'
b"The meaning of young is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of young is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years younger.'
b"The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years older.'
b"The meaning of old is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of old is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years older.'
b'The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be cleaned.'
b'The verb to clean means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of clean is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be cleaned.'
b'The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be removed.'
b'The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be removed.'
b"The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was short, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was short, so it worked out.'
b"The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was delayed, so it worked out.'
b"The verb to delay means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of delay is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was delayed, so it worked out.'
b'The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the trash.'
b'The word trash refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of trash is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the trash.'
b'The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the drawer.'
b'The word drawer refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of drawer is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the drawer.'
b'The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be handy.'
b'The meaning of handy is easy to reach. The meaning of handy is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be handy.'
b'The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be lighter.'
b'The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be lighter.'
b"The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tall.'
b"The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tall.'
b"The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too high.'
b"The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too high.'
b"The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very good.'
b"The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very good.'
b"The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very famous.'
b"The meaning of famous is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of famous is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very famous.'
b"The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very generous.'
b"The meaning of generous is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of generous is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very generous.'
b"The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very grateful.'
b"The meaning of grateful is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of grateful is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very grateful.'
b"The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very hurt.'
b"The meaning of hurt is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of hurt is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very hurt.'
b"The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very ungrateful.'
b"The meaning of ungrateful is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of ungrateful is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very ungrateful.'
b"The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have won.'
b"The verb to win means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of win is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have won.'
b"The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have lost.'
b"The verb to lose means to fail to win. The meaning of lose is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have lost.'
b"The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be gone by this time.'
b"The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be gone by this time.'
b"The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be here by this time.'
b"The word here means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of here is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be here by this time.'
b'The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have gotten a lot of money.'
b'The verb to get means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of get is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have gotten a lot of money.'
b'The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have lost a lot of money.'
b'The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have lost a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was hot.'
b'The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was hot.'
b'The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was cooler.'
b'The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was cooler.'
b'The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too impatient.'
b'The meaning of impatient is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of impatient is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too impatient.'
b'The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too cautious.'
b'The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too cautious.'
b'The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming woman.'
b"The word woman refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of woman is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming woman.'
b"The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming baby.'
b'The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming baby.'
b'The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to chat means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of chat is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The verb to bark means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of bark is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was hungry.'
b'The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was hungry.'
b'The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was tasty.'
b'The meaning of tasty is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of tasty is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was tasty.'
b'The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the bottom.'
b'The word bottom refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of bottom is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the bottom.'
b'The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the top.'
b'The word top refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of top is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the top.'
b'The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'removed.'
b'The verb to remove means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of remove is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'removed.'
b'The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'repaired.'
b'The verb to repair means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of repair is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'repaired.'
b'The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very annoyed.'
b'The meaning of annoyed is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of annoyed is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very annoyed.'
b'The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very annoying.'
b'The meaning of annoying is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of annoying is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very annoying.'
b'The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very impressed.'
b'The meaning of impressed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of impressed is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very impressed.'
b'The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very impressive.'
b'The meaning of impressive is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of impressive is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very impressive.'
b'The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very ill.'
b'The meaning of ill is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ill is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very ill.'
b'The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very concerned.'
b'The meaning of concerned is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of concerned is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very concerned.'
b'The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more truthful.'
b'The meaning of truthful is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of truthful is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more truthful.'
b'The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more skeptical.'
b'The meaning of skeptical is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of skeptical is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more skeptical.'
b"The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to grip means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of grip is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of popular is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of popular is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well.'
b'The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead.'
b'The verb to stand means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of stand is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead.'
b'The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead.'
b'The verb to sing means to deliver by singing. The meaning of sing is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead.'
b'The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to read means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of read is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to write means to produce a literary work. The meaning of write is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The word tide refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of tide is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The word wind refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of wind is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was disappointed.'
b"The verb to disappoint means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of disappoint is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was disappointed.'
b"The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was out.'
b"The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was out.'
b'The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was eager to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of eager is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of eager is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was eager to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was known to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to know means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of know is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was known to speak it fluently.'
b"The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path"	b'.'
b"The verb to use means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of use is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The lake"	b'.'
b"The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake"	b'.'
b"The verb to reach means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of reach is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The path"	b'.'
b'The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was out.'
b'The word out means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of out is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was out.'
b'The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was gone.'
b'The verb to go means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of go is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was gone.'
b'The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a safer place to swim.'
b'The meaning of safe is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of safe is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a safer place to swim.'
b'The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a dangerous place to swim.'
b'The meaning of dangerous is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of dangerous is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a dangerous place to swim.'
b'The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like golfers.'
b'The word golfer refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of golfer is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like golfers.'
b'The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like dogs.'
b'The word dog refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of dog is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like dogs.'
b'The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could work.'
b"The verb to work means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of work is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could work.'
b"The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could sleep.'
b'The verb to sleep means to be asleep. The meaning of sleep is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could sleep.'
b'The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The verb to prepare means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of prepare is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of enough is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of enough is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of enough is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been travelling for five years.'
b"The verb to travel means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of travel is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been travelling for five years.'
b"The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been dead for five years.'
b"The meaning of dead is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of dead is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been dead for five years.'
b'The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries later.'
b'The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries later.'
b'The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries earlier.'
b'The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries earlier.'
b"The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too thick.'
b"The meaning of thick is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of thick is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too thick.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too small.'
b"The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too small.'
b'The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of kill is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The foxes'	b'.'
b'The verb to kill means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of kill is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The chickens'	b'.'
b'The verb to guard means to keep watch over. The meaning of guard is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The chickens'	b'.'
b'The verb to guard means to keep watch over. The meaning of guard is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The foxes'	b'.'
b'The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very bold.'
b'The meaning of bold is fearless and daring. The meaning of bold is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very bold.'
b'The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very nervous.'
b'The meaning of nervous is easily agitated. The meaning of nervous is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very nervous.'
b'The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to open means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of open is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to lower means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of lower is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve years old.'
b'The word year refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of year is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve years old.'
b'The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve months old.'
b'The word month refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of month is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve months old.'
b"The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were defeated within weeks.'
b"The verb to defeat means to win a victory over. The meaning of defeat is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were defeated within weeks.'
b"The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were victorious within weeks.'
b"The meaning of victorious is having won. The meaning of victorious is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were victorious within weeks.'
b'The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks.'
b'The word evidence refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of evidence is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks.'
b'The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for deer on the river banks.'
b'The word deer refers to adult male deer. The meaning of deer is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for deer on the river banks.'
b'The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'began two years ago.'
b'The verb to begin means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of begin is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'began two years ago.'
b'The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'appeared two years ago.'
b'The verb to appear means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of appear is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'appeared two years ago.'
b'The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of persistent is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of persistent is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of cooperative is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of cooperative is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The verb to stop means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of stop is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The verb to run means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of run is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word butter refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of butter is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of butter in it.'
b'The word butter refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of butter is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of butter in it.'
b'The word leftover refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of leftover is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of leftovers in it.'
b'The word leftover refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of leftover is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of leftovers in it.'
b"The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be better.'
b"The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be better.'
b"The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary. The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be unnecessary.'
b"The meaning of unnecessary is not necessary. The meaning of unnecessary is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be unnecessary.'
b'The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the minority.'
b'The word minority refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of minority is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the minority.'
b'The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the majority.'
b'The word majority refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of majority is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the majority.'
b'The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'left a hole.'
b'The verb to leave means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of leave is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'left a hole.'
b'The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'had a hole.'
b'The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'had a hole.'
b"The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of coffee.'
b"The word coffee refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of coffee is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of coffee.'
b"The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of ink.'
b"The word ink refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of ink is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of ink.'
b"The verb to admire means to feel admiration for. The meaning of admire is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'admires him hugely.'
b"The verb to admire means to feel admiration for. The meaning of admire is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'admires him hugely.'
b"The verb to influence means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of influence is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'influences him hugely.'
b"The verb to influence means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of influence is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'influences him hugely.'
b"The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too wide.'
b"The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too wide.'
b"The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too narrow.'
b"The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too narrow.'
b'The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks dowdy on her.'
b'The meaning of dowdy is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of dowdy is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks dowdy on her.'
b'The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks great on her.'
b'The meaning of great is very good. The meaning of great is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks great on her.'
b'The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise. John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b'The verb to promise means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of promise is similar to promise. John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order. John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The verb to order means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of order is similar to order. John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b"The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his research.'
b"The word research refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of research is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his research.'
b"The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his childhood.'
b"The word childhood refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of childhood is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his childhood.'
b'The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'received the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'received the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'delivered the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to deliver means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of deliver is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'delivered the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was slow.'
b'The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was slow.'
b'The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was quicker.'
b'The meaning of quick is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of quick is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was quicker.'
b'The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to move means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of move is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to take means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of take is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing strip.'
b'The word strip refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of strip is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing strip.'
b'The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing gear.'
b'The word gear refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of gear is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing gear.'
b'The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was full.'
b'The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was full.'
b'The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was hungry.'
b'The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was hungry.'
b'The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was over.'
b'The word over means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of over is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was over.'
b'The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was next.'
b'The meaning of next is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of next is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was next.'
b"The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch. Stretching The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to stretch means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of stretch is similar to stretch. Stretching The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat. Patting The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to pat means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of pat is similar to pat. Patting The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to share means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of share is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The word silence refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of silence is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'silence.'
b'The word silence refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of silence is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'silence.'
b'The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'concentration.'
b'The word concentration refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of concentration is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'concentration.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b'The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b'The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a stern look.'
b'The meaning of stern is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of stern is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a stern look.'
b'The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs ached.'
b'The verb to ache means to feel physical pain. The meaning of ache is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs ached.'
b'The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs dangled.'
b'The verb to dangle means to hang freely. The meaning of dangle is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs dangled.'
b'The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'arms.'
b'The word arm refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of arm is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'arms.'
b"The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'bassinet.'
b"The word bassinet refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of bassinet is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'bassinet.'
b"The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of furious is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were furious about it.'
b"The meaning of furious is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of furious is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were furious about it.'
b"The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were embarrassed about it.'
b"The meaning of embarrassed is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of embarrassed is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were embarrassed about it.'
b"The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had retired and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The verb to retire means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of retire is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had retired and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The word cancer refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of cancer is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very compassionate.'
b'The meaning of compassionate is showing or having compassion. The meaning of compassionate is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very compassionate.'
b'The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very cruel.'
b'The meaning of cruel is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of cruel is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very cruel.'
b'The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The verb to suspect means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of suspect is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The verb to regret means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of regret is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
