b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is similar to cautious.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were sprimian. The meaning of sprimian is similar to cautious.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were sprimiaing. The meaning of sprimia is similar to race.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were sprimiaing. The meaning of sprimia is similar to race.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to big.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to big.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to small.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to small.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to never.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to never.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to frequently.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to frequently.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is similar to cheap.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is similar to cheap.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is similar to expensive.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is similar to expensive.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is eramped. The meaning of eramped is similar to thin.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is eramped. The meaning of eramped is similar to thin.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is eramped. The meaning of eramped is similar to wide.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is eramped. The meaning of eramped is similar to wide.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is similar to limited.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is similar to limited.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is similar to substantial.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted. The meaning of ashlical is similar to substantial.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is similar to tiny.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is similar to tiny.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is similar to huge.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too ocrium. The meaning of ocrium is similar to huge.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was unflowiny. The meaning of unflowiny is similar to short.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was unflowiny. The meaning of unflowiny is similar to short.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was unflowiny. The meaning of unflowiny is similar to tall.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was unflowiny. The meaning of unflowiny is similar to tall.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had chilicing heels. The meaning of chilicing is similar to low.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had chilicing heels. The meaning of chilicing is similar to low.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had chilicing heels. The meaning of chilicing is similar to high.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had chilicing heels. The meaning of chilicing is similar to high.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ianing. The meaning of ianing is similar to big.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ianing. The meaning of ianing is similar to big.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ianing. The meaning of ianing is similar to small.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ianing. The meaning of ianing is similar to small.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was dopygicked. The meaning of dopygic is similar to employ.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was dopygicked. The meaning of dopygic is similar to employ.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was dopygiced. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to unemployed.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was dopygiced. The meaning of dopygiced is similar to unemployed.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is similar to small.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is similar to small.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is similar to big.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was more sellnessy. The meaning of sellnessy is similar to big.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'exanised they were lonely. The meaning of exanised is similar to think.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'exanised they were lonely. The meaning of exanised is similar to think.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'exanised they were lonely. The meaning of exanised is similar to explain.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'exanised they were lonely. The meaning of exanised is similar to explain.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is similar to big.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is similar to big.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is similar to short.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was reclaian. The meaning of reclaian is similar to short.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to reomych it. The meaning of reomych is similar to sell.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to reomych it. The meaning of reomych is similar to sell.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to reomych it. The meaning of reomych is similar to buy.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to reomych it. The meaning of reomych is similar to buy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is similar to contrast.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is similar to contrast.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is similar to similar.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ashlical. The meaning of ashlical is similar to similar.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is boormal. The meaning of boormal is similar to hard.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is boormal. The meaning of boormal is similar to hard.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is boormal. The meaning of boormal is similar to soft.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is boormal. The meaning of boormal is similar to soft.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is similar to bad.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is similar to bad.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is similar to good.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very igraminy cook. The meaning of igraminy is similar to good.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is similar to inexpensive.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is similar to inexpensive.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is similar to pricy.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is similar to pricy.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had plucksted the background check. The meaning of pluckst is similar to pass.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had plucksted the background check. The meaning of pluckst is similar to pass.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had plucksted the background check. The meaning of pluckst is similar to fail.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had plucksted the background check. The meaning of pluckst is similar to fail.'
b'The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of apawne is similar to cool.'
b'The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of apawne is similar to cool.'
b'The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of apawne is similar to hot.'
b'The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of apawne is similar to hot.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is similar to darker.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is similar to darker.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is similar to light.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more ficysish. The meaning of ficysish is similar to light.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to firm.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to firm.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to soft.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to soft.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to weak.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to weak.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to strong.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to strong.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to flat.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to flat.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to fat.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to fat.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of erachne is similar to good.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of erachne is similar to good.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of erachne is similar to poor.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of erachne is similar to poor.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie'	b'immediately. The meaning of reaccry is similar to comfort.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron'	b'immediately. The meaning of reaccry is similar to comfort.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron'	b'immediately. The meaning of reaccry is similar to scold.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie'	b'immediately. The meaning of reaccry is similar to scold.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is similar to colorful.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is similar to colorful.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is similar to plain.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is similar to plain.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The meaning of impignesh is similar to preparation.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The meaning of impignesh is similar to preparation.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The meaning of impignesh is similar to distribution.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The meaning of impignesh is similar to distribution.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too lattering. The meaning of lattering is similar to awkward.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too lattering. The meaning of lattering is similar to awkward.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too lattering. The meaning of lattering is similar to complete.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too lattering. The meaning of lattering is similar to complete.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is similar to embarrassing.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is similar to embarrassing.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is similar to quiet.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is similar to quiet.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is similar to faulty.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is similar to faulty.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is similar to sharp.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a gratously memory. The meaning of gratously is similar to sharp.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was more tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is similar to heavy.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was more tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is similar to heavy.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was more tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is similar to light.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was more tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is similar to light.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very icatelly. The meaning of icatelly is similar to hot.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very icatelly. The meaning of icatelly is similar to hot.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very icatelly. The meaning of icatelly is similar to cold.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very icatelly. The meaning of icatelly is similar to cold.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is similar to bitter.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is similar to bitter.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is similar to savory.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too tibleal. The meaning of tibleal is similar to savory.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me glikericed. The meaning of glikericed is similar to full.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me glikericed. The meaning of glikericed is similar to full.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me glikericed. The meaning of glikericed is similar to hungry.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me glikericed. The meaning of glikericed is similar to hungry.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was ariteabby. The meaning of ariteabby is similar to blind.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was ariteabby. The meaning of ariteabby is similar to blind.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was ariteabby. The meaning of ariteabby is similar to sighted.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was ariteabby. The meaning of ariteabby is similar to sighted.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is ianinger. The meaning of ianing is similar to cheap.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is ianinger. The meaning of ianing is similar to cheap.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is ianinger. The meaning of ianing is similar to strong.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is ianinger. The meaning of ianing is similar to strong.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is similar to mild.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is similar to mild.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is similar to straight.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too elapticed. The meaning of elapticed is similar to straight.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'tanguinged out the heat. The meaning of tanguing is similar to keep.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'tanguinged out the heat. The meaning of tanguing is similar to keep.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'tanguinged out the heat. The meaning of tanguing is similar to let.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'tanguinged out the heat. The meaning of tanguing is similar to let.'
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The meaning of injove is similar to shame."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The meaning of injove is similar to shame."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The meaning of injove is similar to anger."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The meaning of injove is similar to anger."
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to old.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to old.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to new.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to new.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to small.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to small.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to big.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to big.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced escolish. The meaning of escolish is similar to low.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced escolish. The meaning of escolish is similar to low.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced escolish. The meaning of escolish is similar to high.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced escolish. The meaning of escolish is similar to high.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just chilicinged some money. The meaning of chilicing is similar to inherit.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just chilicinged some money. The meaning of chilicing is similar to inherit.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just chilicinged some money. The meaning of chilicing is similar to lose.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just chilicinged some money. The meaning of chilicing is similar to lose.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to large.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to large.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to small.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to small.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things. The meaning of phrosping is similar to say.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things. The meaning of phrosping is similar to say.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things. The meaning of phrosping is similar to hear.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things. The meaning of phrosping is similar to hear.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is similar to deep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is similar to deep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is similar to shallow.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very tasmoust. The meaning of tasmoust is similar to shallow.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very hablitid person. The meaning of hablitid is similar to clean.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very hablitid person. The meaning of hablitid is similar to clean.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very hablitid person. The meaning of hablitid is similar to dirty.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very hablitid person. The meaning of hablitid is similar to dirty.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film. The meaning of unctimely is similar to appreciate.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film. The meaning of unctimely is similar to appreciate.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film. The meaning of unctimely is similar to criticize.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film. The meaning of unctimely is similar to criticize.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is similar to shallow.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is similar to shallow.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is similar to deep.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more haydrian. The meaning of haydrian is similar to deep.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was apawne. The meaning of apawne is similar to flimsy.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was apawne. The meaning of apawne is similar to flimsy.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was apawne. The meaning of apawne is similar to hard.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was apawne. The meaning of apawne is similar to hard.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to hot.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to hot.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to soft.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to soft.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently bultritish. The meaning of bultritish is similar to unemployed.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently bultritish. The meaning of bultritish is similar to unemployed.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently bultritis. The meaning of bultritis is similar to work.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently bultritis. The meaning of bultritis is similar to work.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is goariny. The meaning of goariny is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is goariny. The meaning of goariny is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is goariny. The meaning of goariny is similar to big.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is goariny. The meaning of goariny is similar to big.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was omplably. The meaning of omplably is similar to smooth.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was omplably. The meaning of omplably is similar to smooth.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was omplably. The meaning of omplably is similar to rough.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was omplably. The meaning of omplably is similar to rough.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the shisconty size. The meaning of shisconty is similar to right.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the shisconty size. The meaning of shisconty is similar to right.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the shisconty size. The meaning of shisconty is similar to wrong.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the shisconty size. The meaning of shisconty is similar to wrong.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to olastal. The meaning of olastal is similar to attend.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to olastal. The meaning of olastal is similar to attend.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to olastal. The meaning of olastal is similar to judge.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to olastal. The meaning of olastal is similar to judge.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was ulastanty. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to deep.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was ulastanty. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to deep.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was ulastanty. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to little.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was ulastanty. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to little.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in rocipal demand. The meaning of rocipal is similar to low.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in rocipal demand. The meaning of rocipal is similar to low.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in rocipal demand. The meaning of rocipal is similar to high.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in rocipal demand. The meaning of rocipal is similar to high.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is similar to tiny.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is similar to tiny.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is similar to huge.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too fectitic. The meaning of fectitic is similar to huge.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is similar to loose.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is similar to loose.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is similar to tight.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too appectic. The meaning of appectic is similar to tight.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast. The meaning of tanguing is similar to eat.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast. The meaning of tanguing is similar to eat.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast. The meaning of tanguing is similar to drink.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast. The meaning of tanguing is similar to drink.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is similar to much.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is similar to much.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is similar to little.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too anumman. The meaning of anumman is similar to little.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of ntic is similar to loud.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of ntic is similar to loud.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of ntic is similar to soft.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of ntic is similar to soft.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is similar to dark.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is similar to dark.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is similar to light.'
b"The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of derwoly is similar to light.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south'	b'. The meaning of ntick is similar to sun.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north'	b'. The meaning of ntick is similar to sun.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north'	b'. The meaning of ntick is similar to snow.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south'	b'. The meaning of ntick is similar to snow.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a graillogying look. The meaning of graillogy is similar to wither.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a graillogying look. The meaning of graillogy is similar to wither.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a graillogy look. The meaning of graillogy is similar to sympathetic.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a graillogy look. The meaning of graillogy is similar to sympathetic.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is similar to small.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is similar to small.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is similar to large.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too loligne. The meaning of loligne is similar to large.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to big.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to big.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to small.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too unctimely. The meaning of unctimely is similar to small.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is similar to nice.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is similar to nice.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is similar to nasty.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more aroceler. The meaning of aroceler is similar to nasty.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is similar to small.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is similar to small.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is similar to large.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too tanguing. The meaning of tanguing is similar to large.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is similar to hard.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is similar to hard.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is similar to easy.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more qercust cases. The meaning of qercust is similar to easy.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to viscous.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to viscous.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to fluid.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to fluid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to first.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to first.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to later.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to later.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have anessfors with. The meaning of anessfor is similar to baby.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have anessfors with. The meaning of anessfor is similar to baby.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have anessfor with. The meaning of anessfor is similar to freedom.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have anessfor with. The meaning of anessfor is similar to freedom.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is similar to small.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is similar to small.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is similar to big.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more rassionty. The meaning of rassionty is similar to big.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too riforce. The meaning of riforce is similar to wide.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too riforce. The meaning of riforce is similar to wide.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too riforce. The meaning of riforce is similar to narrow.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too riforce. The meaning of riforce is similar to narrow.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to tough.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to tough.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to soft.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to soft.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the adfoon. The meaning of adfoon is similar to coach.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the adfoon. The meaning of adfoon is similar to coach.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the adfoon. The meaning of adfoon is similar to athlete.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the adfoon. The meaning of adfoon is similar to athlete.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is similar to small.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is similar to small.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is similar to big.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very veradory bladder. The meaning of veradory is similar to big.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was llessy cold. The meaning of llessy is similar to always.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was llessy cold. The meaning of llessy is similar to always.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was llessy cold. The meaning of llessy is similar to never.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was llessy cold. The meaning of llessy is similar to never.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is similar to capable.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is similar to capable.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is similar to scared.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of reralogy is similar to scared.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is similar to able.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is similar to able.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is similar to unable.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep. The meaning of underoliker is similar to unable.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is eandly. The meaning of eandly is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is eandly. The meaning of eandly is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is eandly. The meaning of eandly is similar to big.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is eandly. The meaning of eandly is similar to big.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is similar to cold.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is similar to cold.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is similar to warm.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too ratinniced. The meaning of ratinniced is similar to warm.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to rich.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to rich.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to poor.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was lopdofy. The meaning of lopdofy is similar to poor.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is apawne. The meaning of apawne is similar to long.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is apawne. The meaning of apawne is similar to long.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is apawne. The meaning of apawne is similar to short.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is apawne. The meaning of apawne is similar to short.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a pilinfle. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to student.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a pilinfle. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to student.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a pilinfle. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to plumber.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a pilinfle. The meaning of pilinfle is similar to plumber.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is similar to short.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is similar to short.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is similar to long.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of trablucky is similar to long.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed. The meaning of inepaticed is similar to away.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed. The meaning of inepaticed is similar to away.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed. The meaning of inepaticed is similar to long.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed. The meaning of inepaticed is similar to long.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to on.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to on.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to off.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always opanity. The meaning of opanity is similar to off.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is similar to crash.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is similar to crash.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is similar to healthy.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a ocrium diet. The meaning of ocrium is similar to healthy.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to massive.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to massive.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to small.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to small.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is etallostic. The meaning of etallostic is similar to strong.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is etallostic. The meaning of etallostic is similar to strong.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is etallostic. The meaning of etallostic is similar to soft.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is etallostic. The meaning of etallostic is similar to soft.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to elaptic the dogs. The meaning of elaptic is similar to beat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to elaptic the dogs. The meaning of elaptic is similar to beat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to elaptic the dogs. The meaning of elaptic is similar to treat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to elaptic the dogs. The meaning of elaptic is similar to treat.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is similar to likely.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is similar to likely.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is similar to unlikely.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was apunhal to be damaged. The meaning of apunhal is similar to unlikely.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is similar to neat.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is similar to neat.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is similar to sloppy.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation. The meaning of inepaticed is similar to sloppy.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is similar to small.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is similar to small.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is similar to big.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too heacchy. The meaning of heacchy is similar to big.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is similar to flexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is similar to flexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is similar to inflexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is similar to inflexible.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes loligne liquors. The meaning of loligne is similar to clear.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes loligne liquors. The meaning of loligne is similar to clear.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes loligne liquors. The meaning of loligne is similar to dark.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes loligne liquors. The meaning of loligne is similar to dark.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams'	b'. The meaning of asynoth is similar to like.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn'	b'. The meaning of asynoth is similar to like.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn'	b'. The meaning of asynoth is similar to hate.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams'	b'. The meaning of asynoth is similar to hate.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is similar to small.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of priallord is similar to small.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be rundnessed. The meaning of rundness is similar to filter.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be rundnessed. The meaning of rundness is similar to filter.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be rundnessed. The meaning of rundness is similar to scrub.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be rundnessed. The meaning of rundness is similar to scrub.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is similar to tiny.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is similar to tiny.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is similar to huge.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too turanesh. The meaning of turanesh is similar to huge.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was geaming. The meaning of geaming is similar to empty.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was geaming. The meaning of geaming is similar to empty.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was geaming. The meaning of geaming is similar to full.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was geaming. The meaning of geaming is similar to full.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was thunassed with nutrients. The meaning of thunass is similar to fill.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was thunassed with nutrients. The meaning of thunass is similar to fill.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was thunassing with nutrients. The meaning of thunass is similar to lack.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was thunassing with nutrients. The meaning of thunass is similar to lack.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The meaning of ogromal is similar to send.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The meaning of ogromal is similar to send.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The meaning of ogromal is similar to receive.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month. The meaning of ogromal is similar to receive.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'tuaent the money that day. The meaning of tuaent is similar to need.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'tuaent the money that day. The meaning of tuaent is similar to need.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'tuaent the money that day. The meaning of tuaent is similar to have.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'tuaent the money that day. The meaning of tuaent is similar to have.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The meaning of lebless is similar to forget.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The meaning of lebless is similar to forget.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The meaning of lebless is similar to remember.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night. The meaning of lebless is similar to remember.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is similar to dry.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is similar to dry.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is similar to wet.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already igraminy. The meaning of igraminy is similar to wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to tall.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to tall.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to short.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more ntic. The meaning of ntic is similar to short.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are more blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is similar to cheap.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are more blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is similar to cheap.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is similar to permanent.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are blectionaty. The meaning of blectionaty is similar to permanent.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is nticky. The meaning of nticky is similar to leaky.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is nticky. The meaning of nticky is similar to leaky.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is nticked. The meaning of ntick is similar to seal.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is nticked. The meaning of ntick is similar to seal.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is similar to bad.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is similar to bad.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is similar to fresh.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had ogromal breath. The meaning of ogromal is similar to fresh.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is similar to big.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is similar to big.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is similar to small.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too orchiniced. The meaning of orchiniced is similar to small.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her shiscont. The meaning of shiscont is similar to ab.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her shiscont. The meaning of shiscont is similar to ab.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her shiscont. The meaning of shiscont is similar to chest.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her shiscont. The meaning of shiscont is similar to chest.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now appectic parked. The meaning of appectic is similar to legally.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now appectic parked. The meaning of appectic is similar to legally.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now appectic parked. The meaning of appectic is similar to illegally.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now appectic parked. The meaning of appectic is similar to illegally.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall. The meaning of underoliker is similar to lose.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall. The meaning of underoliker is similar to lose.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall. The meaning of underoliker is similar to keep.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall. The meaning of underoliker is similar to keep.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to short.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to short.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was fleasicked. The meaning of fleasic is similar to cancel.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was fleasicked. The meaning of fleasic is similar to cancel.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the onycol. The meaning of onycol is similar to sunset.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the onycol. The meaning of onycol is similar to sunset.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the onycol. The meaning of onycol is similar to sunrise.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the onycol. The meaning of onycol is similar to sunrise.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was tonaliny. The meaning of tonaliny is similar to bland.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was tonaliny. The meaning of tonaliny is similar to bland.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was tonaliny. The meaning of tonaliny is similar to flavorful.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was tonaliny. The meaning of tonaliny is similar to flavorful.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a ochedly stick. The meaning of ochedly is similar to carrot.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a ochedly stick. The meaning of ochedly is similar to carrot.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a ochedly stick. The meaning of ochedly is similar to hockey.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a ochedly stick. The meaning of ochedly is similar to hockey.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to dirty.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to dirty.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to clean.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more fleasiced. The meaning of fleasiced is similar to clean.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'priallord the peace and quiet. The meaning of priallord is similar to like.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'priallord the peace and quiet. The meaning of priallord is similar to like.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'priallord the peace and quiet. The meaning of priallord is similar to hate.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'priallord the peace and quiet. The meaning of priallord is similar to hate.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently omplablyed a position. The meaning of omplably is similar to offer.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently omplablyed a position. The meaning of omplably is similar to offer.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently omplablyed a position. The meaning of omplably is similar to accept.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently omplablyed a position. The meaning of omplably is similar to accept.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to itchy.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to itchy.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to comfortable.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ulastanty is similar to comfortable.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is lloit. The meaning of lloit is similar to slippery.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is lloit. The meaning of lloit is similar to slippery.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is lloit. The meaning of lloit is similar to dry.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is lloit. The meaning of lloit is similar to dry.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is ubstly. The meaning of ubstly is similar to long.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is ubstly. The meaning of ubstly is similar to long.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is ubstly. The meaning of ubstly is similar to short.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is ubstly. The meaning of ubstly is similar to short.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was onsubow. The meaning of onsubow is similar to addictive.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was onsubow. The meaning of onsubow is similar to addictive.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was onsubow. The meaning of onsubow is similar to boring.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was onsubow. The meaning of onsubow is similar to boring.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more asynoth. The meaning of asynoth is similar to big.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more asynoth. The meaning of asynoth is similar to big.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more asynoth. The meaning of asynoth is similar to small.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more asynoth. The meaning of asynoth is similar to small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could nonisdon the animal. The meaning of nonisdon is similar to sell.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could nonisdon the animal. The meaning of nonisdon is similar to sell.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could nonisdon the animal. The meaning of nonisdon is similar to buy.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could nonisdon the animal. The meaning of nonisdon is similar to buy.'
b'Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of hercericed is similar to bad.'
b'Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of hercericed is similar to bad.'
b'Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of hercericed is similar to well.'
b'Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of hercericed is similar to well.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task. The meaning of anchrism is similar to patience.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task. The meaning of anchrism is similar to patience.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task. The meaning of anchrism is similar to aptitude.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task. The meaning of anchrism is similar to aptitude.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before. The meaning of opanity is similar to late.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before. The meaning of opanity is similar to late.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before. The meaning of opanity is similar to early.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before. The meaning of opanity is similar to early.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to materialistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to materialistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to realistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very ulaeocky. The meaning of ulaeocky is similar to realistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is similar to disgusting.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is similar to disgusting.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is similar to fine.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were trablucky. The meaning of trablucky is similar to fine.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The meaning of turanesh is similar to sausage.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The meaning of turanesh is similar to sausage.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The meaning of turanesh is similar to pepperoni.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The meaning of turanesh is similar to pepperoni.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'verotlyed leather. The meaning of verotly is similar to hate.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'verotlyed leather. The meaning of verotly is similar to hate.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'verotlyed leather. The meaning of verotly is similar to love.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'verotlyed leather. The meaning of verotly is similar to love.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of heacchy is similar to fast.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of heacchy is similar to fast.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of heacchy is similar to slow.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of heacchy is similar to slow.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is similar to inside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is similar to inside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is similar to outside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept daudoust. The meaning of daudoust is similar to outside.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The meaning of apunhal is similar to expect.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The meaning of apunhal is similar to expect.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The meaning of apunhal is similar to give.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus. The meaning of apunhal is similar to give.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful. The meaning of underoliker is similar to large.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful. The meaning of underoliker is similar to large.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful. The meaning of underoliker is similar to small.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful. The meaning of underoliker is similar to small.'
b'Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of tcherad is similar to slow.'
b'Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of tcherad is similar to slow.'
b'Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of tcherad is similar to fast.'
b'Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of tcherad is similar to fast.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of pluckstic is similar to small.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of pluckstic is similar to small.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of pluckstic is similar to gigantic.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of pluckstic is similar to gigantic.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'autivables during the field raid. The meaning of autivable is similar to stay.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'autivables during the field raid. The meaning of autivable is similar to stay.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'autivables during the field raid. The meaning of autivable is similar to flee.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'autivables during the field raid. The meaning of autivable is similar to flee.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The meaning of rocipal is similar to make.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The meaning of rocipal is similar to make.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The meaning of rocipal is similar to eat.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The meaning of rocipal is similar to eat.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is similar to hot.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is similar to hot.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is similar to cooler.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the reomych weathers. The meaning of reomych is similar to cooler.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to smooth.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to smooth.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to abrasive.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was ingensemiced. The meaning of ingensemiced is similar to abrasive.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is similar to soft.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is similar to soft.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is similar to hard.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was verotly. The meaning of verotly is similar to hard.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is similar to healthy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ariteabby diet. The meaning of ariteabby is similar to healthy.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable'	b'previously. The meaning of hablitid is similar to already.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet'	b'previously. The meaning of hablitid is similar to already.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet'	b'previously. The meaning of hablitid is similar to never.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable'	b'previously. The meaning of hablitid is similar to never.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is similar to cheap.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is similar to cheap.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is similar to expensive.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was ethiripy. The meaning of ethiripy is similar to expensive.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes. The meaning of mounhang is similar to love.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes. The meaning of mounhang is similar to love.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes. The meaning of mounhang is similar to dislike.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes. The meaning of mounhang is similar to dislike.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is similar to heavy.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is similar to heavy.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is similar to light.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too chilicing. The meaning of chilicing is similar to light.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is similar to useless.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is similar to useless.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is similar to useful.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were tripolopal. The meaning of tripolopal is similar to useful.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is similar to humble.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is similar to humble.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is similar to arrogant.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is hablitid. The meaning of hablitid is similar to arrogant.'
