b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficed.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficed.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficking.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficking.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too antroce.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too antroce.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too antroce.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too antroce.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was icaldy.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was icaldy.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were uriust.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were uriust.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too lemird.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too lemird.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is uriust.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is uriust.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was uthelyed.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was uthelyed.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was uthely.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was uthely.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was ibranner.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was ibranner.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was ibranner.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a anterseler stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was ibranner.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was immatid.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was immatid.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was immatid.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was immatid.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nihom it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nihom it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nihom it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nihom it.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformis.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is logely.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformis.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformish.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is logely.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformish.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is pheadeg.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is pheadeg.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very nalossy cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very nalossy cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very nalossy cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very nalossy cook.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had iated the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had iated the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had iated the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had iated the background check.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be oloidis.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be oloidis.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too glybish.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too glybish.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were torpropal.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were torpropal.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a isetry supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a itericed memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a itericed memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a itericed memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a itericed memory.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more chratian.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more chratian.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more chratian.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more chratian.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very fordione.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too ponating.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very fordione.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very fordione.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too ponating.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very fordione.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the deriness.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the deriness.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were erficed.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were erficking.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too patoider.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too patoider.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too patoider.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too patoider.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'anknicked out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'anknicked out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'anknicked out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'anknicked out the heat.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had rastively breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had rastively breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were uriust.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were uriust.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were uriust.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were uriust.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very eformish diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very eformish diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too ponating.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too ponating.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria esclied the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah esclied the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very logely person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very logely person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very logely person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very logely person.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very stermust.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very stermust.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was ponating.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was ponating.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was ponating.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was ponating.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantly.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantly.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantling.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantling.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently iltry a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently iltry a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the aquilly.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the aquilly.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was ibranner.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was ibranner.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was nontroust.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was nontroust.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was nontroust.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a stermust amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was nontroust.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already nalossy.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already nalossy.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too icatal.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too icatal.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too icatal.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too icatal.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more hammiced.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more hammiced.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too somoce.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too somoce.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too somoce.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too somoce.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ofisty.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ofisty.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a apsinging look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a apsinging look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a apsing look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a apsing look.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too ponating.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too ponating.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too ponating.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too ponating.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more angenne.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more angenne.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more angenne.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more angenne.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ankniced.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ankniced.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ankniced.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ankniced.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the ibretter cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the ibretter cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the ibretter cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the ibretter cases.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was ortioniced.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was ortioniced.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother iratory.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother iratory.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother iratory.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother iratory.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily feconed some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria feconed some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are oseisher.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are oseisher.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are oseisher.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are oseisher.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the aquilly.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the aquilly.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the aquilly.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the aquilly.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was aloweny.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was aloweny.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are eurisher.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are eurish.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was galloiced to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently imantly.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was galloiced to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was galloiced to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently imantling.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was galloiced to go right to sleep.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is annally.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too crectoned.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is annally.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is annally.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too crectoned.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is annally.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ofisty.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ofisty.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ofisty.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ofisty.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is eformis.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is eformish.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is aloweny.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a itericed memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is aloweny.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is aloweny.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a itericed memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is aloweny.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a consuble.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a consuble.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a consuble.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a consuble.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was etalow.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was etalow.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the ibretter cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the ibretter cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a catlet diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more angenne.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a catlet diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a catlet diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more angenne.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a catlet diet.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is eartic.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is eartic.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is eartic.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is eartic.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very nalossy cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very nalossy cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was fectosm.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too patoider.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was fectosm.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was fectosm.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too patoider.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was fectosm.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes lumoge liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too stermust.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes lumoge liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes lumoge liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too stermust.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes lumoge liquors.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was oydroted with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was oydroting with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a catlet diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be oloidis.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be oloidis.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be oloidis.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be oloidis.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroted with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could quadne the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroted with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroting with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could quadne the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroting with nutrients.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her intallys.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her intally.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason rastivel the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was iltry.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was iltry.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more iratory.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have enoisses with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more iratory.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more iratory.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have enoiss with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more iratory.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurisher.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurisher.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurish.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was tomiciced to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurish.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is cisher.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is cisher.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is cisher.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was aphothiny of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is cisher.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha ialished the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too lemird.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William ortionicked leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too lemird.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too lemird.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy ortionicked leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too lemird.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intallys.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more iratory.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intallys.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intally.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more iratory.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intally.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah gicalel during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was uriust.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was uriust.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was urius.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was urius.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the deriness.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the deriness.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the deriness.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the deriness.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was dudiced.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too antroce.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was dudiced.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was dudiced.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too antroce.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was dudiced.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a anterseler stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too catlet.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a anterseler stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a anterseler stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too catlet.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a anterseler stick.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was uriuster.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was uriuster.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was uriuster.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason ponatinged the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was uriuster.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were chratian.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were chratian.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too lumoge.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently iltry a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too lumoge.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently iltry a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too lumoge.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently iltry a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too lumoge.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently iltry a position.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very mnity looking presentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is unscranty.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is unaticish.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is unscranty.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is unscranty.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is unaticish.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is unscranty.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is oringust.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was uriust.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is oringust.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is oringust.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was urius.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is oringust.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was immatid.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was immatid.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is albonder.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is albonder.\n\nKenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was galloiced to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very icaldy.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very icaldy.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were torpropal.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too somoce.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were torpropal.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were torpropal.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too somoce.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were torpropal.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is cisher.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is cisher.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept uncensoned.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept uncensoned.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept uncensoned.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just fectosmd some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept uncensoned.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always antroce.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always antroce.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too fectosm.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too fectosm.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena fisone to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is unscranty.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is unscranty.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother iratory.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother iratory.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very efilian.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very efilian.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very etalow.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very etalow.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was icaldy.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was icaldy.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was icaldy.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie hagranged they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was icaldy.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was fectosm.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was fectosm.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too gosism.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too gosism.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was uriuster.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was uriuster.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to aryin.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was divary cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was divary cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are oseisher.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are oseisher.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very picelly bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is logely.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is logely.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is logely.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished anknicking their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is logely.'
