b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase'	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy'	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan"	b'had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.'
b"I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan"	b'had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George"	b"wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul"	b"wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available."
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness"	b'was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer"	b'was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn\'t much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk\'s army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush.'
b"The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank"	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could malizel. The verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of malizel is similar to work.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could malizel. The verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of malizel is similar to work.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could malizel. The verb to malizel means to be asleep. The meaning of malizel is similar to sleep.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could malizel. The verb to malizel means to be asleep. The meaning of malizel is similar to sleep.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.'
b"osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short.'
b"osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short.'
b"osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall.'
b"osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of cisher is similar to weak.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher. The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of cisher is similar to heavy.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level."
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students"	b'. The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students"	b'. The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students"	b'. The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students"	b'. The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince."
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince."
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand."
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair"	b'has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain"	b'has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife"	b'in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.'
b"The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag"	b'in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too escli. The meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of escli is similar to impatient.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat was too escli. The meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of escli is similar to impatient.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too escli. The meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The meaning of escli is similar to cautious.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse was too escli. The meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The meaning of escli is similar to cautious.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too escli. The meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of escli is similar to impatient.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too escli. The meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of escli is similar to impatient.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse"	b'was too escli. The meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The meaning of escli is similar to cautious.'
b"We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat"	b'was too escli. The meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The meaning of escli is similar to cautious.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take.\n\nBob paid for Charlie\'s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.'
b"Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.'
b"The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of etalow is similar to win.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have etalowd. The verb to etalow means to fail to win. The meaning of etalow is similar to lose.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute"	b'since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece"	b'since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece"	b'since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute"	b'since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing.'
b"Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair"	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.'
b"Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book"	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle"	b'down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish. The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of oloidish is similar to fast.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag"	b'down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag"	b'down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind.'
b"The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish. The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oloidish is similar to slow.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle"	b'down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of entioustic is similar to short.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of entioustic is similar to tall.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam"	b'was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam"	b'was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam"	b'was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam"	b'was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path"	b'. The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake"	b'. The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake"	b'. The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path"	b'. The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.\n\nThe trophy doesn\'t fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nThe table won\'t fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been tomicicking for five years. The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tomicic is similar to travel.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been tomicicking for five years. The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tomicic is similar to travel.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been tomiciced for five years. The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to dead.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been tomiciced for five years. The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to dead.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could malizel. The verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of malizel is similar to work.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could malizel. The verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of malizel is similar to work.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could malizel. The verb to malizel means to be asleep. The meaning of malizel is similar to sleep.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could malizel. The verb to malizel means to be asleep. The meaning of malizel is similar to sleep.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats"	b'were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.'
b"John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice"	b'were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been tomicicking for five years. The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tomicic is similar to travel.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ograt is similar to well.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been tomicicking for five years. The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of tomicic is similar to travel.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been tomiciced for five years. The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to dead.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nAnna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ograt is similar to bad.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been tomiciced for five years. The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to dead.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes"	b'. The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens"	b'. The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens"	b'. The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes"	b'. The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes"	b'have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.\n\nosigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of wirous is similar to stand.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of epove is similar to vindicate.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens"	b'have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The meaning of antersely is similar to bold.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.\n\nosigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead. The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. The meaning of wirous is similar to sing.\n\nFrank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill was the winner of the competition. The verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of epove is similar to crush.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very antersely. The meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The meaning of antersely is similar to nervous.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of fulationad is similar to ill.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time. The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unaticis is similar to go.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad. The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of fulationad is similar to concerned.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time. The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of unaticish is similar to here.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes"	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of apsing is similar to year.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father"	b'was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred"	b'was twelve apsings old. The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of apsing is similar to month.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down. The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of uriust is similar to tide.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were tomicicked within weeks. The verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. The meaning of tomicic is similar to defeat.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down. The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of uriust is similar to wind.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were tomiciced within weeks. The meaning of tomiciced is having won. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to victorious.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists"	b'rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish"	b'rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish"	b'rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.'
b"The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists"	b'rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.'
b"Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars"	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.'
b"Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists"	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of coplike is similar to persistent.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of coplike is similar to cooperative.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of picelly is similar to good.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a picelly start. The meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of picelly is similar to bad.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. The meaning of thmess is similar to admire.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. The meaning of thmess is similar to admire.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to large.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of thmess is similar to influence.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of thmess is similar to influence.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icatal is similar to small.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively. The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of rastively is similar to nosy.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot"	b'pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.'
b"The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively. The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of rastively is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin"	b'pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. The meaning of thmess is similar to admire.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. The meaning of thmess is similar to admire.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of thmess is similar to influence.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'thmes him hugely. The verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of thmess is similar to influence.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was ialish to speak it fluently. The meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of ialish is similar to eager.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne. The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of autedne is similar to anchor.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was ialished to speak it fluently. The verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of ialish is similar to know.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee. The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of autednee is similar to level.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod. The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. The meaning of andecod is similar to handy.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to safe.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of istrified is similar to dowdy.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod. The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of andecod is similar to light.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim. The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to dangerous.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks istrified on her. The meaning of istrified is very good. The meaning of istrified is similar to great.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of fisone is similar to wide.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of fordione is similar to receive.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway is too fisone. The meaning of fisone is not wide. The meaning of fisone is similar to narrow.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had fordione. The verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of fordione is similar to give.\n\nJohn consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to tall.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust. The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of antroust is similar to hot.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ewism is similar to research.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf was too dingnessy. The meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to high.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust. The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of antroust is similar to cool.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his ewism. The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ewism is similar to childhood."
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of rephth is similar to begin.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish rephthed two years ago. The verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of rephth is similar to appear.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of divary is similar to golfer.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione. The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of fordione is similar to disappoint.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary. The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of divary is similar to dog.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione. The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of fordione is similar to out.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual. The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of thual is similar to later.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of iltry is similar to fear.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to successful.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of dingness is similar to move.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one's possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take."
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual. The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of thual is similar to early.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence. The verb to iltry means to push for something. The meaning of iltry is similar to advocate.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn\'t uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to available.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to dingness means to take into one's possession. The meaning of dingness is similar to take."
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of eartion is similar to clean.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish. The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of oseish is similar to slow.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to bottom.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned. The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of eartion is similar to remove.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher. The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of oseish is similar to quick.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate. The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of fasuate is similar to top.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of catlet is similar to strip.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to full.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet. The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of catlet is similar to gear.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to hungry.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of uthely is similar to stop.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of utosiced is similar to hungry.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of rephth is similar to minority.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of uthely is similar to run.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced. The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of utosiced is similar to tasty.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents were very much in the rephth. The word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of rephth is similar to majority.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nosigicking The woman"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch."
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of pulste is similar to leave.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of eptiste is similar to open.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students . The verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of truble is similar to punish.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nosigicking The girl"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of osigic is similar to stretch."
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nosigicking The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.'
b"I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole. The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of pulste is similar to have.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of eptiste is similar to lower.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students . The verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of truble is similar to rescue.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nosigicking The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of osigic is similar to pat.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy"	b'toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoyed.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to top.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of derifory is similar to generous.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby"	b'toy. The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of rastivel is similar to accept.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby"	b'toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh. The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of atrigh is similar to annoying.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs. The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of ibran is similar to bottom.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory. The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of derifory is similar to grateful.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy"	b'toy. The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of rastivel is similar to share.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of utosiced is similar to evidence.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of dingness is similar to coffee.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to truthful.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'sechly. The word sechly refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of sechly is similar to silence.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna"	b'sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration.'
b"Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks. The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of utosiced is similar to deer.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness. The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of dingness is similar to ink.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned. The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to skeptical.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily"	b'sechly. The word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of sechly is similar to concentration.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to remove.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of terging is similar to convince.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun was ogracky. The word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of ogracky is similar to out.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out. The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to short.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of derinessy is similar to sympathetic.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy"	b'a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed. The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of dingness is similar to repair.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him. The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of terging is similar to understand.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud was ogracked. The verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of ograck is similar to go.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out. The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of ofiste is similar to delay.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy"	b'a derinessy look. The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of derinessy is similar to stern.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed. The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of erficed is similar to empty.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake has a lot of dingness in it. The word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of dingness is similar to butter.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path . The verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of dingness is similar to use.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of mnity is similar to read.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. The meaning of fordione is similar to ache.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy"	b'legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.'
b"I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed. The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of erficed is similar to full.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator has a lot of dingnes in it. The word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of dingness is similar to leftover.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake . The verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of dingness is similar to reach.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work. The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. The meaning of mnity is similar to write.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie"	b'legs fordiones. The verb to fordione means to hang freely. The meaning of fordione is similar to dangle.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of somoced is similar to steel.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust. The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of photoust is similar to over.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of nianke is similar to young.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of annally is similar to have.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'uthelys. The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of uthely is similar to arm.'
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b"uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet."
b"The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced. The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of somoced is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust. The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of photoust is similar to next.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker. The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of nianke is similar to old.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of annally is similar to love.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b"uthely. The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of uthely is similar to bassinet."
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier. The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of coatly is similar to well.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of mnity is similar to receive.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of tereer is similar to get.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly. The meaning of coatly is not necessary. The meaning of coatly is similar to unnecessary.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case. The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of mnity is similar to deliver.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money. The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of tereer is similar to lose.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b"had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably. The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of icably is similar to hurt.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska. The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of unciast is similar to prepare.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of tereer is similar to repeat.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b"had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of aquilly is similar to retire."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably. The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of icably is similar to ungrateful.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of unciastic is similar to enough.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it. The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The meaning of tereer is similar to answer.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment. The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of aquilly is similar to cancer.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of consuble is similar to promise.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes . The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of ponating is similar to kill.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of ativele is similar to chat.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of coatly is similar to woman.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of malbory is similar to furious.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. The meaning of entioustic is similar to compassionate.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill"	b'is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.'
b"John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of consuble is similar to order.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens . The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The meaning of ponating is similar to guard.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of ativele is similar to bark.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly. The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of coatly is similar to baby.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were malbory about it. The meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of malbory is similar to embarrassed.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan"	b'is very entioustic. The meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of entioustic is similar to cruel.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to good.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well. The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of oloidis is similar to grip.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of neshery is similar to thick.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag in the terging. The word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of terging is similar to trash.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of epulty is similar to suspect.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of aloweny is similar to famous.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ankniced is similar to impressive.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well. The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of oloidish is similar to popular.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery. The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of neshery is similar to small.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife in the terging. The word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of terging is similar to drawer.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of epulty is similar to regret.'
