b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'leripated violence. The meaning of lerip is similar to fear.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'leripated violence. The meaning of lerip is similar to fear.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'leripated violence. The meaning of lerip is similar to advocate.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'leripated violence. The meaning of lerip is similar to advocate.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is similar to large.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is similar to large.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is similar to small.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is similar to small.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to receive.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to receive.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to give.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to give.'
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't deniny. The meaning of deniny is similar to successful."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't deniny. The meaning of deniny is similar to successful."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't deniny. The meaning of deniny is similar to available."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't deniny. The meaning of deniny is similar to available."
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to nopol it. The meaning of nopol is similar to repeat.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to nopol it. The meaning of nopol is similar to repeat.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to nopol it. The meaning of nopol is similar to answer.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to nopol it. The meaning of nopol is similar to answer.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so ceistic. The meaning of ceistic is similar to fast.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so ceistic. The meaning of ceistic is similar to fast.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so ceistic. The meaning of ceistic is similar to slow.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so ceistic. The meaning of ceistic is similar to slow.'
b'Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The meaning of elike is similar to vindicate.'
b'Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The meaning of elike is similar to vindicate.'
b'Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The meaning of elike is similar to crush.'
b'Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The meaning of elike is similar to crush.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so elike. The meaning of elike is similar to weak.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so elike. The meaning of elike is similar to weak.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so elike. The meaning of elike is similar to heavy.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so elike. The meaning of elike is similar to heavy.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of unger. The meaning of unger is similar to steel.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of unger. The meaning of unger is similar to steel.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of unger. The meaning of unger is similar to styrofoam.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of unger. The meaning of unger is similar to styrofoam.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so nally. The meaning of nally is similar to short.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so nally. The meaning of nally is similar to short.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so nally. The meaning of nally is similar to tall.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so nally. The meaning of nally is similar to tall.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the evat of the stairs. The meaning of evat is similar to top.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the evat of the stairs. The meaning of evat is similar to top.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the evat of the stairs. The meaning of evat is similar to bottom.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the evat of the stairs. The meaning of evat is similar to bottom.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a ditral start. The meaning of ditral is similar to good.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a ditral start. The meaning of ditral is similar to good.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a ditral start. The meaning of ditral is similar to bad.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a ditral start. The meaning of ditral is similar to bad.'
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't ionsed. The meaning of ionse is similar to anchor."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't ionsed. The meaning of ionse is similar to anchor."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't ionser. The meaning of ionser is similar to level."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't ionser. The meaning of ionser is similar to level."
b'Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of icat is similar to well.'
b'Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of icat is similar to well.'
b'Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of icat is similar to bad.'
b'Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of icat is similar to bad.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The older students'	b'. The meaning of lamid is similar to punish.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The younger students'	b'. The meaning of lamid is similar to punish.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The younger students'	b'. The meaning of lamid is similar to rescue.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The older students'	b'. The meaning of lamid is similar to rescue.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was geoust. The meaning of geoust is similar to empty.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was geoust. The meaning of geoust is similar to empty.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was geoust. The meaning of geoust is similar to full.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was geoust. The meaning of geoust is similar to full.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is perder. The meaning of perder is similar to nosy.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is perder. The meaning of perder is similar to nosy.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is perder. The meaning of perder is similar to indiscreet.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is perder. The meaning of perder is similar to indiscreet.'
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't riness him. The meaning of riness is similar to convince."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't riness him. The meaning of riness is similar to convince."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't riness him. The meaning of riness is similar to understand."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't riness him. The meaning of riness is similar to understand."
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years iventier. The meaning of iventy is similar to young.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years iventier. The meaning of iventy is similar to young.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years iventier. The meaning of iventy is similar to old.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years iventier. The meaning of iventy is similar to old.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be ionce. The meaning of ionce is similar to clean.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be ionce. The meaning of ionce is similar to clean.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be ionce. The meaning of ionce is similar to remove.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be ionce. The meaning of ionce is similar to remove.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was opism, so it worked out. The meaning of opism is similar to short.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was opism, so it worked out. The meaning of opism is similar to short.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was opismd, so it worked out. The meaning of opism is similar to delay.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was opismd, so it worked out. The meaning of opism is similar to delay.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the riness. The meaning of riness is similar to trash.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the riness. The meaning of riness is similar to trash.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the riness. The meaning of riness is similar to drawer.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the riness. The meaning of riness is similar to drawer.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be genter. The meaning of genter is similar to handy.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be genter. The meaning of genter is similar to handy.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be more genter. The meaning of genter is similar to light.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be more genter. The meaning of genter is similar to light.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too harmatic. The meaning of harmatic is similar to tall.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too harmatic. The meaning of harmatic is similar to tall.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too harmatic. The meaning of harmatic is similar to high.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too harmatic. The meaning of harmatic is similar to high.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very remony. The meaning of remony is similar to good.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very remony. The meaning of remony is similar to good.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very remony. The meaning of remony is similar to famous.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very remony. The meaning of remony is similar to famous.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very nesticed. The meaning of nesticed is similar to generous.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very nesticed. The meaning of nesticed is similar to generous.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very nesticed. The meaning of nesticed is similar to grateful.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very nesticed. The meaning of nesticed is similar to grateful.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very amely. The meaning of amely is similar to hurt.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very amely. The meaning of amely is similar to hurt.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very amely. The meaning of amely is similar to ungrateful.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very amely. The meaning of amely is similar to ungrateful.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have hentled. The meaning of hently is similar to win.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have hentled. The meaning of hently is similar to win.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have hentled. The meaning of hently is similar to lose.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have hentled. The meaning of hently is similar to lose.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be berte by this time. The meaning of berte is similar to go.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be berte by this time. The meaning of berte is similar to go.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be berted by this time. The meaning of berted is similar to here.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be berted by this time. The meaning of berted is similar to here.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money. The meaning of nopol is similar to get.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money. The meaning of nopol is similar to get.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money. The meaning of nopol is similar to lose.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money. The meaning of nopol is similar to lose.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was crogy. The meaning of crogy is similar to hot.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was crogy. The meaning of crogy is similar to hot.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more crogy. The meaning of crogy is similar to cool.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more crogy. The meaning of crogy is similar to cool.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too wasid. The meaning of wasid is similar to impatient.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too wasid. The meaning of wasid is similar to impatient.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too wasid. The meaning of wasid is similar to cautious.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too wasid. The meaning of wasid is similar to cautious.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming isat. The meaning of isat is similar to woman.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming isat. The meaning of isat is similar to woman.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming isat. The meaning of isat is similar to baby.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming isat. The meaning of isat is similar to baby.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The meaning of mogic is similar to chat.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The meaning of mogic is similar to chat.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The meaning of mogic is similar to bark.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The meaning of mogic is similar to bark.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was oriner. The meaning of oriner is similar to hungry.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was oriner. The meaning of oriner is similar to hungry.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was oriner. The meaning of oriner is similar to tasty.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was oriner. The meaning of oriner is similar to tasty.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the mingly. The meaning of mingly is similar to bottom.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the mingly. The meaning of mingly is similar to bottom.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the mingly. The meaning of mingly is similar to top.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the mingly. The meaning of mingly is similar to top.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'harmated. The meaning of harma is similar to remove.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'harmated. The meaning of harma is similar to remove.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'harmated. The meaning of harma is similar to repair.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'harmated. The meaning of harma is similar to repair.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very inonessy. The meaning of inonessy is similar to annoyed.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very inonessy. The meaning of inonessy is similar to annoyed.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very inonessy. The meaning of inonessy is similar to annoying.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very inonessy. The meaning of inonessy is similar to annoying.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is similar to impressed.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is similar to impressed.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is similar to impressive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is similar to impressive.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very seraly. The meaning of seraly is similar to ill.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very seraly. The meaning of seraly is similar to ill.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very seraly. The meaning of seraly is similar to concerned.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very seraly. The meaning of seraly is similar to concerned.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more deniny. The meaning of deniny is similar to truthful.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more deniny. The meaning of deniny is similar to truthful.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more deniny. The meaning of deniny is similar to skeptical.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more deniny. The meaning of deniny is similar to skeptical.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are ceisted because Paul writes so well. The meaning of ceist is similar to grip.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are ceisted because Paul writes so well. The meaning of ceist is similar to grip.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are ceistic because Paul writes so well. The meaning of ceistic is similar to popular.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are ceistic because Paul writes so well. The meaning of ceistic is similar to popular.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute'	b'since she was a child. The meaning of alness is similar to have.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece'	b'since she was a child. The meaning of alness is similar to have.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece'	b'since she was a child. The meaning of alness is similar to love.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute'	b'since she was a child. The meaning of alness is similar to love.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead. The meaning of eting is similar to stand.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead. The meaning of eting is similar to stand.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead. The meaning of eting is similar to sing.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead. The meaning of eting is similar to sing.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The meaning of biline is similar to read.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The meaning of biline is similar to read.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The meaning of biline is similar to write.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The meaning of biline is similar to write.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tide.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The flag'	b'down. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tide.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The flag'	b'down. The meaning of nobiced is similar to wind.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The meaning of nobiced is similar to wind.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to disappoint.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to disappoint.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was meling. The meaning of meling is similar to out.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was meling. The meaning of meling is similar to out.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was rinessy to speak it fluently. The meaning of rinessy is similar to eager.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was rinessy to speak it fluently. The meaning of rinessy is similar to eager.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was rinessed to speak it fluently. The meaning of riness is similar to know.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was rinessed to speak it fluently. The meaning of riness is similar to know.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The path"	b'. The meaning of harma is similar to use.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The lake"	b'. The meaning of harma is similar to use.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The lake"	b'. The meaning of harma is similar to reach.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The path"	b'. The meaning of harma is similar to reach.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was terism. The meaning of terism is similar to out.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was terism. The meaning of terism is similar to out.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was terismd. The meaning of terism is similar to go.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was terismd. The meaning of terism is similar to go.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more irdian place to swim. The meaning of irdian is similar to safe.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more irdian place to swim. The meaning of irdian is similar to safe.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a irdian place to swim. The meaning of irdian is similar to dangerous.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a irdian place to swim. The meaning of irdian is similar to dangerous.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like osticed. The meaning of osticed is similar to golfer.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like osticed. The meaning of osticed is similar to golfer.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like osticed. The meaning of osticed is similar to dog.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like osticed. The meaning of osticed is similar to dog.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could dibly. The meaning of dibly is similar to work.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could dibly. The meaning of dibly is similar to work.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could dibly. The meaning of dibly is similar to sleep.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could dibly. The meaning of dibly is similar to sleep.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of licon is similar to prepare.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of licon is similar to prepare.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of liconed is similar to enough.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of liconed is similar to enough.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been jarteing for five years. The meaning of jarte is similar to travel.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been jarteing for five years. The meaning of jarte is similar to travel.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been jarted for five years. The meaning of jarted is similar to dead.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been jarted for five years. The meaning of jarted is similar to dead.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries aphistic. The meaning of aphistic is similar to later.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries aphistic. The meaning of aphistic is similar to later.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries more aphistic. The meaning of aphistic is similar to early.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries more aphistic. The meaning of aphistic is similar to early.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too oxenty. The meaning of oxenty is similar to thick.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too oxenty. The meaning of oxenty is similar to thick.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too oxenty. The meaning of oxenty is similar to small.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too oxenty. The meaning of oxenty is similar to small.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The foxes'	b'. The meaning of rousnet is similar to kill.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The chickens'	b'. The meaning of rousnet is similar to kill.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The chickens'	b'. The meaning of rousnet is similar to guard.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The foxes'	b'. The meaning of rousnet is similar to guard.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very siventy. The meaning of siventy is similar to bold.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very siventy. The meaning of siventy is similar to bold.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very siventy. The meaning of siventy is similar to nervous.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very siventy. The meaning of siventy is similar to nervous.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The meaning of tedne is similar to open.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The meaning of tedne is similar to open.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The meaning of tedne is similar to lower.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The meaning of tedne is similar to lower.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve vinglys old. The meaning of vingly is similar to year.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve vinglys old. The meaning of vingly is similar to year.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve vinglys old. The meaning of vingly is similar to month.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve vinglys old. The meaning of vingly is similar to month.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were jarte within weeks. The meaning of jarte is similar to defeat.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were jarte within weeks. The meaning of jarte is similar to defeat.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were jarted within weeks. The meaning of jarted is similar to victorious.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were jarted within weeks. The meaning of jarted is similar to victorious.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks. The meaning of oriner is similar to evidence.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks. The meaning of oriner is similar to evidence.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks. The meaning of oriner is similar to deer.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks. The meaning of oriner is similar to deer.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'chosted two years ago. The meaning of chost is similar to begin.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'chosted two years ago. The meaning of chost is similar to begin.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'chosted two years ago. The meaning of chost is similar to appear.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'chosted two years ago. The meaning of chost is similar to appear.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of orser is similar to persistent.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of orser is similar to persistent.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of orser is similar to cooperative.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of orser is similar to cooperative.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The meaning of histic is similar to stop.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The meaning of histic is similar to stop.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The meaning of histic is similar to run.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The meaning of histic is similar to run.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of harmat in it. The meaning of harmat is similar to butter.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of harmat in it. The meaning of harmat is similar to butter.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of harmates in it. The meaning of harmat is similar to leftover.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of harmates in it. The meaning of harmat is similar to leftover.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be isatter. The meaning of isat is similar to well.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be isatter. The meaning of isat is similar to well.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be isat. The meaning of isat is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be isat. The meaning of isat is similar to unnecessary.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the chost. The meaning of chost is similar to minority.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the chost. The meaning of chost is similar to minority.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the chost. The meaning of chost is similar to majority.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the chost. The meaning of chost is similar to majority.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'unbanged a hole. The meaning of unbang is similar to leave.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'unbanged a hole. The meaning of unbang is similar to leave.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'unbanged a hole. The meaning of unbang is similar to have.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'unbanged a hole. The meaning of unbang is similar to have.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of harmat. The meaning of harmat is similar to coffee.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of harmat. The meaning of harmat is similar to coffee.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of harmat. The meaning of harmat is similar to ink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of harmat. The meaning of harmat is similar to ink.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'aliticks him hugely. The meaning of alitic is similar to admire.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'aliticks him hugely. The meaning of alitic is similar to admire.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'aliticks him hugely. The meaning of alitic is similar to influence.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'aliticks him hugely. The meaning of alitic is similar to influence.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too tiviced. The meaning of tiviced is similar to wide.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too tiviced. The meaning of tiviced is similar to wide.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too tiviced. The meaning of tiviced is similar to narrow.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too tiviced. The meaning of tiviced is similar to narrow.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks occul on her. The meaning of occul is similar to dowdy.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks occul on her. The meaning of occul is similar to dowdy.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks occul on her. The meaning of occul is similar to great.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks occul on her. The meaning of occul is similar to great.'
b'John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The meaning of icatic is similar to promise.'
b'John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The meaning of icatic is similar to promise.'
b'John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The meaning of icatic is similar to order.'
b'John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The meaning of icatic is similar to order.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ouske. The meaning of ouske is similar to research.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ouske. The meaning of ouske is similar to research.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ouske. The meaning of ouske is similar to childhood.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ouske. The meaning of ouske is similar to childhood.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'bilines the final report on the case. The meaning of biline is similar to receive.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'bilines the final report on the case. The meaning of biline is similar to receive.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'bilines the final report on the case. The meaning of biline is similar to deliver.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'bilines the final report on the case. The meaning of biline is similar to deliver.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was heing. The meaning of heing is similar to slow.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was heing. The meaning of heing is similar to slow.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more heing. The meaning of heing is similar to quick.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more heing. The meaning of heing is similar to quick.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom'	b'bishop. The meaning of harma is similar to move.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph'	b'bishop. The meaning of harma is similar to move.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph'	b'bishop. The meaning of harma is similar to take.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom'	b'bishop. The meaning of harma is similar to take.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing azint. The meaning of azint is similar to strip.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing azint. The meaning of azint is similar to strip.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing azint. The meaning of azint is similar to gear.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing azint. The meaning of azint is similar to gear.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is similar to full.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is similar to full.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is similar to hungry.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is similar to hungry.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to over.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to over.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to next.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to next.'
b'nedlying The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The meaning of nedly is similar to stretch.'
b'nedlying The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The meaning of nedly is similar to stretch.'
b'nedlying The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The meaning of nedly is similar to pat.'
b'nedlying The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The meaning of nedly is similar to pat.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy"	b'toy. The meaning of perder is similar to accept.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby"	b'toy. The meaning of perder is similar to accept.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby"	b'toy. The meaning of perder is similar to share.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy"	b'toy. The meaning of perder is similar to share.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'tiond. The meaning of tiond is similar to silence.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'tiond. The meaning of tiond is similar to silence.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'tiond. The meaning of tiond is similar to concentration.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'tiond. The meaning of tiond is similar to concentration.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a dynan look. The meaning of dynan is similar to sympathetic.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a dynan look. The meaning of dynan is similar to sympathetic.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a dynan look. The meaning of dynan is similar to stern.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a dynan look. The meaning of dynan is similar to stern.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to ache.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to ache.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to dangle.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs melinged. The meaning of meling is similar to dangle.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'histiced. The meaning of histiced is similar to arm.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'histiced. The meaning of histiced is similar to arm.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'histiced. The meaning of histiced is similar to bassinet.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'histiced. The meaning of histiced is similar to bassinet.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were analish about it. The meaning of analish is similar to furious.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were analish about it. The meaning of analish is similar to furious.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were analish about it. The meaning of analish is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were analish about it. The meaning of analish is similar to embarrassed.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had herine and presented several options for future treatment. The meaning of herine is similar to retire.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had herine and presented several options for future treatment. The meaning of herine is similar to retire.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had herinee and presented several options for future treatment. The meaning of herinee is similar to cancer.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had herinee and presented several options for future treatment. The meaning of herinee is similar to cancer.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very nally. The meaning of nally is similar to compassionate.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very nally. The meaning of nally is similar to compassionate.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very nally. The meaning of nally is similar to cruel.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very nally. The meaning of nally is similar to cruel.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch. The meaning of ishic is similar to suspect.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch. The meaning of ishic is similar to suspect.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch. The meaning of ishic is similar to regret.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch. The meaning of ishic is similar to regret.'
