b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'acent violence. The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'acent violence. The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'acent violence. The verb to acent means to push for something.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'acent violence. The verb to acent means to push for something.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be promatic. The meaning of promatic is easy to reach.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had calinged. The verb to caling means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be promatic. The meaning of promatic is easy to reach.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had calinged. The verb to caling means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more promatic. The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had calinged. The verb to caling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more promatic. The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had calinged. The verb to caling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome."
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed."
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to react verbally.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to react verbally.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so patory. The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so patory. The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so patory. The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so patory. The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nFrank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ectis means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open.\n\nFrank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ectis means to show to be right by providing justification or proof.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nFrank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ectis means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position.\n\nFrank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ectis means to humiliate or depress completely.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of tionee. The word tionee refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of tionee. The word tionee refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of tionee. The word tionee refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of tionee. The word tionee refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the upper part of anything.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the upper part of anything.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the lower side of anything.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acent. The verb to acent means to fix firmly and stably."
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acent. The verb to acent means to fix firmly and stably."
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't acent. The word acent refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't acent. The word acent refers to being on a precise horizontal plane."
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish was menoned. The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nAnna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish was menoned. The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nAnna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm was menoned. The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nAnna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm was menoned. The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste.\n\nAnna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students"	b'. The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students"	b'. The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students"	b'. The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students"	b'. The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy toy. The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was undom. The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy toy. The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was undom. The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby toy. The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was undom. The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby toy. The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was undom. The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious.'
b"antry The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b"antry The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something."
b'antry The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b'antry The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a anderrer place to swim. The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a anderrer place to swim. The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a ander place to swim. The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a ander place to swim. The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so patory. The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so patory. The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so patory. The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so patory. The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the epticed. The word epticed refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the epticed. The word epticed refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the epticed. The word epticed refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the epticed. The word epticed refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be promatic. The meaning of promatic is easy to reach.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be promatic. The meaning of promatic is easy to reach.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be more promatic. The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be more promatic. The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too unher. The meaning of unher is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too unher. The meaning of unher is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too unher. The meaning of unher is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too unher. The meaning of unher is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very ander. The meaning of ander is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very ander. The meaning of ander is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very ander. The meaning of ander is widely known and esteemed.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very ander. The meaning of ander is widely known and esteemed.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The father calings. The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The father calings. The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy caling. The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy caling. The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win.'
b"As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be promated by this time. The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be promated by this time. The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be promatic by this time. The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b"As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be promatic by this time. The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money. The verb to ingly means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money. The verb to ingly means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money. The verb to ingly means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money. The verb to ingly means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree"	b'was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog"	b'was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too redle. The meaning of redle is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too redle. The meaning of redle is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too redle. The meaning of redle is showing careful forethought.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too redle. The meaning of redle is showing careful forethought.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ectish. The word ectish refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ectish. The word ectish refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man).'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ectish. The word ectish refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ectish. The word ectish refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was undom. The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was undom. The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was undommer. The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was undommer. The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path . The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish"	b'was menoned. The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path . The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm"	b'was menoned. The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake . The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm"	b'was menoned. The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake . The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish"	b'was menoned. The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the iness. The word iness refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the iness. The word iness refers to the lower side of anything.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the iness. The word iness refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the iness. The word iness refers to the upper part of anything.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be promated by this time. The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be promated by this time. The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be promatic by this time. The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be promatic by this time. The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very patory. The meaning of patory is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very patory. The meaning of patory is aroused to impatience or anger.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very patory. The meaning of patory is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very patory. The meaning of patory is causing irritation or annoyance.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are pated because Paul writes so well. The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are pated because Paul writes so well. The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are patory because Paul writes so well. The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are patory because Paul writes so well. The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.'
b'Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b'Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth.'
b'Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt.'
b'Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are pated because Paul writes so well. The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are pated because Paul writes so well. The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are patory because Paul writes so well. The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are patory because Paul writes so well. The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the upper part of anything.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the lower side of anything.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag'	b'down. The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag'	b'down. The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not decte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was pecte. The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not decte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was pecte. The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not dected for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was pected. The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not dected for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was pected. The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently. The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently. The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently. The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently. The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path"	b'. The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake"	b'. The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake"	b'. The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path"	b'. The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was pecte. The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun"	b'was unher. The word unher means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was pecte. The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud"	b'was unher. The word unher means not allowed to continue to bat or run.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was pected. The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud"	b'was unher. The verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was pected. The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun"	b'was unher. The verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a anderrer place to swim. The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a anderrer place to swim. The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a ander place to swim. The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a ander place to swim. The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too antry. The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too antry. The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too antry. The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too antry. The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could redle. The verb to redle means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could redle. The verb to redle means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could redle. The verb to redle means to be asleep.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could redle. The verb to redle means to be asleep.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not decte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not decte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not dected for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not dected for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been antry for five years. The verb to antry means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been antry for five years. The verb to antry means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been antry for five years. The meaning of antry is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been antry for five years. The meaning of antry is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too antry. The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too antry. The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too antry. The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too antry. The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The foxes"	b'. The verb to chism means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The chickens"	b'. The verb to chism means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The chickens"	b'. The verb to chism means to keep watch over.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The foxes"	b'. The verb to chism means to keep watch over.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very caling. The meaning of caling is fearless and daring.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very caling. The meaning of caling is fearless and daring.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very caling. The meaning of caling is easily agitated.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very caling. The meaning of caling is easily agitated.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle down. The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve anderes old. The word ander refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle down. The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve anderes old. The word ander refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag down. The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve anderes old. The word ander refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag down. The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve anderes old. The word ander refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had epticked and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for chism on the river banks. The word chism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had epticked and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for chism on the river banks. The word chism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had epticed and presented several options for future treatment. The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks. The word chism refers to adult male deer.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had epticed and presented several options for future treatment. The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks. The word chism refers to adult male deer.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen acent violence. The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'inessed two years ago. The verb to iness means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen acent violence. The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'inessed two years ago. The verb to iness means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators acent violence. The verb to acent means to push for something.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'inessed two years ago. The verb to iness means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators acent violence. The verb to acent means to push for something.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'inessed two years ago. The verb to iness means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to pation means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to pation means to put an end to a state or an activity.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to pation means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to pation means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc..'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of unher in it. The word unher refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of unher in it. The word unher refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of unheres in it. The word unher refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of unheres in it. The word unher refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more ectish. The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more ectish. The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be ectish. The meaning of ectish is not necessary.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be ectish. The meaning of ectish is not necessary.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the iness. The word iness refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the iness. The word iness refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the iness. The word iness refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the iness. The word iness refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pollyed a hole. The verb to polly means to have as a result or residue.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pollyed a hole. The verb to polly means to have as a result or residue.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to react verbally.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pollyed a hole. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to react verbally.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pollyed a hole. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of articed. The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of articed. The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of articed. The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of articed. The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect.'
b"Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was menoned to speak it fluently. The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesh. The meaning of enesh is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was menoned to speak it fluently. The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesh. The meaning of enesh is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was menoned to speak it fluently. The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesh. The meaning of enesh is not wide.'
b"Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was menoned to speak it fluently. The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesh. The meaning of enesh is not wide.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very redle. The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very redle. The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very redle. The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very redle. The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nJohn salla Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The verb to salla means to make a promise or commitment.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nJohn salla Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The verb to salla means to make a promise or commitment.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nJohn salla Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The verb to salla means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nJohn salla Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The verb to salla means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his pecte. The word pecte refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his pecte. The word pecte refers to systematic investigation to establish facts.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his pecte. The word pecte refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his pecte. The word pecte refers to the time of person's life when they are a child."
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was undom. The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was undom. The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was undommer. The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was undommer. The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to unher means to take into one's possession."
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to unher means to take into one's possession."
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc..'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of articed. The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of articed. The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of articed. The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of articed. The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for.\n\nantry The woman"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for.\n\nantry The girl"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body."
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect.\n\nantry The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect.\n\nantry The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy"	b'toy. The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby"	b'toy. The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby"	b'toy. The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy"	b'toy. The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was undom. The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was undom. The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was undom. The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was undom. The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students . The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students . The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students . The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students . The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'calings. The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'calings. The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b"caling. The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b"caling. The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed."
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more ectish. The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more ectish. The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be ectish. The meaning of ectish is not necessary.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be ectish. The meaning of ectish is not necessary.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b"had epticked and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b"had epticked and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position."
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had epticed and presented several options for future treatment. The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had epticed and presented several options for future treatment. The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very redle. The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very redle. The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very redle. The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very redle. The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.'
