b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet. The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were geoust. The meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The meaning of geoust is similar to cautious.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet. The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were geoust. The meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The meaning of geoust is similar to cautious.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet. The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were geous. The verb to geous means to move fast. The meaning of geous is similar to race.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet. The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were geous. The verb to geous means to move fast. The meaning of geous is similar to race.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south . The word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of elike is similar to sun.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too inoly. The meaning of inoly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inoly is similar to big.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south . The word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of elike is similar to sun.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too inoly. The meaning of inoly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inoly is similar to big.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north . The word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of elike is similar to snow.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too inoly. The meaning of inoly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inoly is similar to small.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north . The word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of elike is similar to snow.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too inoly. The meaning of inoly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inoly is similar to small.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing. The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse. The word atoust means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of atoust is similar to never.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing. The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse. The word atoust means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of atoust is similar to never.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse. The word atoust means many times at short intervals. The meaning of atoust is similar to frequently.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse. The word atoust means many times at short intervals. The meaning of atoust is similar to frequently.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya was not very happy. The word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of colur is similar to sausage.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of lotal is similar to cheap.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya was not very happy. The word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of colur is similar to sausage.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of lotal is similar to cheap.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina was not very happy. The word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of colur is similar to pepperoni.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of lotal is similar to expensive.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina was not very happy. The word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of colur is similar to pepperoni.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of lotal is similar to expensive.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was atoust. The meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of atoust is similar to smooth.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is magne. The meaning of magne is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of magne is similar to thin.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was atoust. The meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of atoust is similar to smooth.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is magne. The meaning of magne is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of magne is similar to thin.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was atoust. The meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The meaning of atoust is similar to abrasive.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is magne. The meaning of magne is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of magne is similar to wide.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was atoust. The meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The meaning of atoust is similar to abrasive.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is magne. The meaning of magne is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of magne is similar to wide.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was ctic. The meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The meaning of ctic is similar to rich.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was ctic. The meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The meaning of ctic is similar to rich.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was ctic. The meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of ctic is similar to poor.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was ctic. The meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of ctic is similar to poor.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. The meaning of nobiced is similar to old.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too azinty. The meaning of azinty is very small. The meaning of azinty is similar to tiny.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. The meaning of nobiced is similar to old.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too azinty. The meaning of azinty is very small. The meaning of azinty is similar to tiny.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of nobiced is similar to new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too azinty. The meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of azinty is similar to huge.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of nobiced is similar to new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too azinty. The meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of azinty is similar to huge.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too erioned. The meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to big.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was mogiced. The meaning of mogiced is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of mogiced is similar to short.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too erioned. The meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to big.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was mogiced. The meaning of mogiced is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of mogiced is similar to short.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too erioned. The meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to small.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was mogiced. The meaning of mogiced is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of mogiced is similar to tall.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too erioned. The meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to small.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was mogiced. The meaning of mogiced is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of mogiced is similar to tall.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had logrian heels. The meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of logrian is similar to low.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had logrian heels. The meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of logrian is similar to low.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had logrian heels. The meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of logrian is similar to high.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had logrian heels. The meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of logrian is similar to high.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tough.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ishiced. The meaning of ishiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ishiced is similar to big.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tough.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ishiced. The meaning of ishiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ishiced is similar to big.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of nobiced is similar to soft.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ishiced. The meaning of ishiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ishiced is similar to small.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of nobiced is similar to soft.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ishiced. The meaning of ishiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ishiced is similar to small.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was histicked. The verb to histic means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of histic is similar to employ.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was histicked. The verb to histic means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of histic is similar to employ.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was histiced. The meaning of histiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of histiced is similar to unemployed.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was histiced. The meaning of histiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of histiced is similar to unemployed.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a sivent stick. The word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of sivent is similar to carrot.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a sivent stick. The word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of sivent is similar to carrot.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a sivent stick. The word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of sivent is similar to hockey.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a sivent stick. The word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of sivent is similar to hockey.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'mondered they were lonely. The verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of monder is similar to think.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'mondered they were lonely. The verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of monder is similar to think.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'mondered they were lonely. The verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of monder is similar to explain.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'mondered they were lonely. The verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of monder is similar to explain.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was depiny. The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was depiny. The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was depiny. The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was depiny. The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing. The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nestic it. The verb to nestic means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of nestic is similar to sell.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing. The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nestic it. The verb to nestic means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of nestic is similar to sell.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing. The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nestic it. The verb to nestic means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of nestic is similar to buy.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing. The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nestic it. The verb to nestic means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of nestic is similar to buy.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal. The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is craconing. The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal. The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is craconing. The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal. The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is craconed. The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal. The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is craconed. The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is irdian. The meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to small.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is berted. The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is irdian. The meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to small.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is berted. The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is irdian. The meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to big.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is berted. The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is irdian. The meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to big.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is berted. The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very ametian cook. The meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ametian is similar to bad.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very ametian cook. The meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ametian is similar to bad.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very ametian cook. The meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ametian is similar to good.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very ametian cook. The meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ametian is similar to good.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of wrioned is similar to inexpensive.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of wrioned is similar to inexpensive.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is having a high price. The meaning of wrioned is similar to pricy.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is having a high price. The meaning of wrioned is similar to pricy.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had stilyed the background check. The verb to stily means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of stily is similar to pass.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had stilyed the background check. The verb to stily means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of stily is similar to pass.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had stilyed the background check. The verb to stily means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of stily is similar to fail.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had stilyed the background check. The verb to stily means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of stily is similar to fail.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too logly and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of logly is similar to short.\n\nThe water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of remony is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of remony is similar to cool.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too logly and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of logly is similar to short.\n\nThe water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of remony is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of remony is similar to cool.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too logly and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of logly is similar to long.\n\nThe water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of remony is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of remony is similar to hot.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too logly and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of logly is similar to long.\n\nThe water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of remony is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of remony is similar to hot.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more uncyary. The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more uncyary. The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more uncyary. The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more uncyary. The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too mingly. The meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of mingly is similar to bitter.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of rousnet is similar to weak.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too mingly. The meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of mingly is similar to bitter.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of rousnet is similar to weak.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too mingly. The meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of mingly is similar to savory.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of rousnet is similar to strong.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too mingly. The meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of mingly is similar to savory.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of rousnet is similar to strong.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were logly. The meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of logly is similar to disgusting.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a leing stomach. The meaning of leing is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of leing is similar to flat.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were logly. The meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of logly is similar to disgusting.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a leing stomach. The meaning of leing is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of leing is similar to flat.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were logly. The meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of logly is similar to fine.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a leing stomach. The meaning of leing is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of leing is similar to fat.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were logly. The meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of logly is similar to fine.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a leing stomach. The meaning of leing is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of leing is similar to fat.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of supentish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of supentish is similar to good.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of supentish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of supentish is similar to good.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of supentish is unsatisfactory. The meaning of supentish is similar to poor.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of supentish is unsatisfactory. The meaning of supentish is similar to poor.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to uncion means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of uncion is similar to comfort.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to uncion means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of uncion is similar to comfort.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to uncion means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of uncion is similar to scold.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to uncion means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of uncion is similar to scold.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already ametian. The meaning of ametian is having striking color. The meaning of ametian is similar to colorful.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already ametian. The meaning of ametian is having striking color. The meaning of ametian is similar to colorful.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already ametian. The meaning of ametian is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of ametian is similar to plain.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted. The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already ametian. The meaning of ametian is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of ametian is similar to plain.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word inoness refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of inoness is similar to preparation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word inoness refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of inoness is similar to preparation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word inoness refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of inoness is similar to distribution.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word inoness refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of inoness is similar to distribution.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony. The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too thoid. The meaning of thoid is causing inconvenience. The meaning of thoid is similar to awkward.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony. The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too thoid. The meaning of thoid is causing inconvenience. The meaning of thoid is similar to awkward.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony. The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too thoid. The meaning of thoid is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of thoid is similar to complete.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony. The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too thoid. The meaning of thoid is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of thoid is similar to complete.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing. The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very hently. The meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of hently is similar to embarrassing.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing. The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very hently. The meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of hently is similar to embarrassing.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed. The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very hently. The meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of hently is similar to quiet.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed. The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very hently. The meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of hently is similar to quiet.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary. The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary. The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary. The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary. The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was nocaller. The meaning of nocal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of nocal is similar to heavy.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was nocaller. The meaning of nocal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of nocal is similar to heavy.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was nocaller. The meaning of nocal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of nocal is similar to light.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was nocaller. The meaning of nocal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of nocal is similar to light.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of rousnet is similar to weak.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very meling. The meaning of meling is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of meling is similar to hot.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of rousnet is similar to weak.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very meling. The meaning of meling is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of meling is similar to hot.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of rousnet is similar to strong.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very meling. The meaning of meling is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of meling is similar to cold.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of rousnet is similar to strong.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very meling. The meaning of meling is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of meling is similar to cold.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the dynan. The word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunset.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too mingly. The meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of mingly is similar to bitter.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the dynan. The word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunset.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too mingly. The meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of mingly is similar to bitter.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the dynan. The word dynan refers to the first light of day. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunrise.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too mingly. The meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of mingly is similar to savory.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the dynan. The word dynan refers to the first light of day. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunrise.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too mingly. The meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of mingly is similar to savory.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me chostic. The meaning of chostic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of chostic is similar to full.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me chostic. The meaning of chostic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of chostic is similar to full.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me chostic. The meaning of chostic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of chostic is similar to hungry.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me chostic. The meaning of chostic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of chostic is similar to hungry.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing. The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was dind. The meaning of dind is unable to see. The meaning of dind is similar to blind.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing. The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was dind. The meaning of dind is unable to see. The meaning of dind is similar to blind.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing. The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was dind. The meaning of dind is able to see. The meaning of dind is similar to sighted.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing. The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was dind. The meaning of dind is able to see. The meaning of dind is similar to sighted.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were geoust. The meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The meaning of geoust is similar to cautious.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more ishiced. The meaning of ishiced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of ishiced is similar to cheap.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were geoust. The meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The meaning of geoust is similar to cautious.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more ishiced. The meaning of ishiced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of ishiced is similar to cheap.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were geous. The verb to geous means to move fast. The meaning of geous is similar to race.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more ishiced. The meaning of ishiced is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of ishiced is similar to strong.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were geous. The verb to geous means to move fast. The meaning of geous is similar to race.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more ishiced. The meaning of ishiced is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of ishiced is similar to strong.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too exping. The meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of exping is similar to mild.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too exping. The meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of exping is similar to mild.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too exping. The meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of exping is similar to straight.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too exping. The meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of exping is similar to straight.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'ameticked out the heat. The verb to ametic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of ametic is similar to keep.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'ameticked out the heat. The verb to ametic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of ametic is similar to keep.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'ameticked out the heat. The verb to ametic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of ametic is similar to let.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'ameticked out the heat. The verb to ametic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of ametic is similar to let.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had perder breath. The meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of perder is similar to bad.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word inging refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of inging is similar to shame."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had perder breath. The meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of perder is similar to bad.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word inging refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of inging is similar to shame."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had perder breath. The meaning of perder is free from impurities. The meaning of perder is similar to fresh.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word inging refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of inging is similar to anger."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had perder breath. The meaning of perder is free from impurities. The meaning of perder is similar to fresh.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word inging refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of inging is similar to anger."
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing. The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. The meaning of nobiced is similar to old.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing. The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. The meaning of nobiced is similar to old.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed. The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of nobiced is similar to new.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed. The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of nobiced is similar to new.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very dind diet. The meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of dind is similar to unhealthy.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that rader. The meaning of rader is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rader is similar to small.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very dind diet. The meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of dind is similar to unhealthy.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that rader. The meaning of rader is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rader is similar to small.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very dind diet. The meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of dind is similar to healthy.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that rader. The meaning of rader is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rader is similar to big.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very dind diet. The meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of dind is similar to healthy.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that rader. The meaning of rader is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rader is similar to big.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were nocal. The meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of nocal is similar to useless.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced strian. The word strian means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of strian is similar to low.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were nocal. The meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of nocal is similar to useless.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced strian. The word strian means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of strian is similar to low.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were nocal. The meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The meaning of nocal is similar to useful.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced strian. The meaning of strian is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of strian is similar to high.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were nocal. The meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The meaning of nocal is similar to useful.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced strian. The meaning of strian is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of strian is similar to high.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to big.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to big.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to small.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to small.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria wasided the money that day. The verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of wasid is similar to need.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a leing amount of gas. The meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to large.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria wasided the money that day. The verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of wasid is similar to need.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a leing amount of gas. The meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to large.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah wasided the money that day. The verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of wasid is similar to have.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a leing amount of gas. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah wasided the money that day. The verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of wasid is similar to have.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a leing amount of gas. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony. The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very sagge. The meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of sagge is similar to deep.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony. The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very sagge. The meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of sagge is similar to deep.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony. The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very sagge. The meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of sagge is similar to shallow.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony. The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very sagge. The meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of sagge is similar to shallow.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very ophal person. The meaning of ophal is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of ophal is similar to clean.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very ophal person. The meaning of ophal is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of ophal is similar to clean.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very ophal person. The meaning of ophal is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of ophal is similar to dirty.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very ophal person. The meaning of ophal is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of ophal is similar to dirty.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked. The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked. The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing. The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is oliker. The meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of olike is similar to shallow.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing. The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is oliker. The meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of olike is similar to shallow.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing. The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is oliker. The meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of olike is similar to deep.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing. The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is oliker. The meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of olike is similar to deep.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very hently. The meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of hently is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was remony. The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very hently. The meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of hently is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was remony. The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very hently. The meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of hently is similar to quiet.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was remony. The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very hently. The meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of hently is similar to quiet.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was remony. The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes. The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of rousnet is similar to hot.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes. The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of rousnet is similar to hot.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe. The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of rousnet is similar to soft.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe. The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of rousnet is similar to soft.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily jarte a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of jarte is similar to expect.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently ortutty. The meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of ortutty is similar to unemployed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily jarte a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of jarte is similar to expect.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently ortutty. The meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of ortutty is similar to unemployed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha jarte a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of jarte is similar to give.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently ortutting. The verb to ortut means to be employed. The meaning of ortut is similar to work.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha jarte a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of jarte is similar to give.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently ortutting. The verb to ortut means to be employed. The meaning of ortut is similar to work.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently leripated a position. The verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of lerip is similar to offer.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is irdian. The meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to small.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently leripated a position. The verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of lerip is similar to offer.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is irdian. The meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to small.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently leripated a position. The verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of lerip is similar to accept.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is irdian. The meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to big.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently leripated a position. The verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of lerip is similar to accept.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is irdian. The meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to big.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams . The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was leripy. The meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of leripy is similar to smooth.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams . The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was leripy. The meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of leripy is similar to smooth.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn . The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was leripy. The meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of leripy is similar to rough.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn . The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was leripy. The meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of leripy is similar to rough.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the herinee. The word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of herinee is similar to coach.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the dispy size. The meaning of dispy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of dispy is similar to right.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the herinee. The word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of herinee is similar to coach.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the dispy size. The meaning of dispy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of dispy is similar to right.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the herinee. The word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of herinee is similar to athlete.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the dispy size. The meaning of dispy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of dispy is similar to wrong.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the herinee. The word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of herinee is similar to athlete.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the dispy size. The meaning of dispy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of dispy is similar to wrong.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter. The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a leing amount of gas. The meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to large.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was icat. The meaning of icat is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of icat is similar to deep.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a leing amount of gas. The meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to large.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was icat. The meaning of icat is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of icat is similar to deep.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a leing amount of gas. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was icat. The meaning of icat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icat is similar to little.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a leing amount of gas. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was icat. The meaning of icat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icat is similar to little.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in ouske demand. The meaning of ouske is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of ouske is similar to low.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in ouske demand. The meaning of ouske is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of ouske is similar to low.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in ouske demand. The meaning of ouske is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of ouske is similar to high.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in ouske demand. The meaning of ouske is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of ouske is similar to high.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too lotal. The meaning of lotal is very small. The meaning of lotal is similar to tiny.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too lotal. The meaning of lotal is very small. The meaning of lotal is similar to tiny.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too lotal. The meaning of lotal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of lotal is similar to huge.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too lotal. The meaning of lotal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of lotal is similar to huge.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen . The meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of rader is similar to loud.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too racted. The meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to loose.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen . The meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of rader is similar to loud.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too racted. The meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to loose.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom . The meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of rader is similar to soft.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too racted. The meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to tight.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom . The meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of rader is similar to soft.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too racted. The meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to tight.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary. The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary. The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary. The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary. The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly. The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly. The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly. The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly. The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted. The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of rader is similar to loud.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted. The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of rader is similar to loud.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted. The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of rader is similar to soft.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted. The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of rader is similar to soft.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate.\n\nThe stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate.\n\nThe stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love.\n\nThe stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love.\n\nThe stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too opism. The meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of opism is similar to cold.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south'	b'. The word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of elike is similar to sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too opism. The meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of opism is similar to cold.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north'	b'. The word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of elike is similar to sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too opism. The meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of opism is similar to warm.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north'	b'. The word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of elike is similar to snow.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too opism. The meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of opism is similar to warm.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south'	b'. The word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of elike is similar to snow.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike. The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a vinglying look. The verb to vingly means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of vingly is similar to wither.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike. The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a vinglying look. The verb to vingly means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of vingly is similar to wither.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike. The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a vingly look. The meaning of vingly is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of vingly is similar to sympathetic.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike. The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a vingly look. The meaning of vingly is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of vingly is similar to sympathetic.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too ditral. The meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to small.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too ditral. The meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to small.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too ditral. The meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to large.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too ditral. The meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to large.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to big.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to big.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to small.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too rousnet. The meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to small.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was uroler. The meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of urole is similar to nice.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was uroler. The meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of urole is similar to nice.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was uroler. The meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of urole is similar to nasty.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was uroler. The meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of urole is similar to nasty.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently. The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ameticed is similar to small.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently. The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ameticed is similar to small.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently. The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ameticed is similar to large.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently. The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ameticed is similar to large.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of wrioned is similar to soft.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of wrioned is similar to soft.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of wrioned is similar to hard.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of wrioned is similar to hard.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother rader. The word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of rader is similar to first.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother rader. The word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of rader is similar to first.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother rader. The word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of rader is similar to later.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother rader. The word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of rader is similar to later.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things. The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are heinger. The meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to small.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are heinger. The meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to small.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are heinger. The meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to big.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are heinger. The meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to big.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too lamid. The meaning of lamid is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of lamid is similar to wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too lamid. The meaning of lamid is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of lamid is similar to wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too lamid. The meaning of lamid is not wide. The meaning of lamid is similar to narrow.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too lamid. The meaning of lamid is not wide. The meaning of lamid is similar to narrow.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tough.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tough.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of nobiced is similar to soft.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of nobiced is similar to soft.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ouske is similar to make.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the herinee. The word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of herinee is similar to coach.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ouske is similar to make.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the herinee. The word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of herinee is similar to coach.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ouske means to take in solid food. The meaning of ouske is similar to eat.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the herinee. The word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of herinee is similar to athlete.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ouske means to take in solid food. The meaning of ouske is similar to eat.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the herinee. The word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of herinee is similar to athlete.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty"	b'had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia"	b'had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony. The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was osticed cold. The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony. The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was osticed cold. The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony. The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was osticed cold. The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony. The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was osticed cold. The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are inablier. The meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inably is similar to cheap.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was derginy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of derginy is similar to capable."
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are inablier. The meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inably is similar to cheap.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was derginy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of derginy is similar to capable."
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are inably. The meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of inably is similar to permanent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of derginy is made afraid. The meaning of derginy is similar to scared.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are inably. The meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of inably is similar to permanent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of derginy is made afraid. The meaning of derginy is similar to scared.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently ortutty. The meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of ortutty is similar to unemployed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was ellessy to go right to sleep. The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of ellessy is similar to able."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently ortutty. The meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of ortutty is similar to unemployed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was ellessy to go right to sleep. The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of ellessy is similar to able."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently ortutting. The verb to ortut means to be employed. The meaning of ortut is similar to work.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was ellessy to go right to sleep. The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of ellessy is similar to unable."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently ortutting. The verb to ortut means to be employed. The meaning of ortut is similar to work.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was ellessy to go right to sleep. The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of ellessy is similar to unable."
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too racted. The meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to loose.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is alnessy. The meaning of alnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of alnessy is similar to small.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too racted. The meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to loose.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is alnessy. The meaning of alnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of alnessy is similar to small.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too racted. The meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to tight.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is alnessy. The meaning of alnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of alnessy is similar to big.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too racted. The meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to tight.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is alnessy. The meaning of alnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of alnessy is similar to big.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing. The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too opism. The meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of opism is similar to cold.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing. The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too opism. The meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of opism is similar to cold.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too opism. The meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of opism is similar to warm.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too opism. The meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of opism is similar to warm.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing. The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The meaning of ctic is similar to rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing. The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The meaning of ctic is similar to rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed. The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of ctic is similar to poor.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed. The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of ctic is similar to poor.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is remony. The meaning of remony is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of remony is similar to long.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is remony. The meaning of remony is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of remony is similar to long.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is remony. The meaning of remony is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of remony is similar to short.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is remony. The meaning of remony is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of remony is similar to short.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a icaticed. The word icaticed refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of icaticed is similar to student.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a icaticed. The word icaticed refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of icaticed is similar to student.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a icaticed. The word icaticed refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of icaticed is similar to plumber.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a icaticed. The word icaticed refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of icaticed is similar to plumber.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently. The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of logly is similar to short.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently. The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of logly is similar to short.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently. The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of logly is similar to long.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently. The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of logly is similar to long.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ritty. The word ritty means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of ritty is similar to away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ritty. The word ritty means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of ritty is similar to away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ritty. The word ritty means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of ritty is similar to long.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases. The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ritty. The word ritty means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of ritty is similar to long.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy. The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always inoly. The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy. The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always inoly. The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy. The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always inoly. The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy. The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always inoly. The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was uroler. The meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of urole is similar to nice.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a azint diet. The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was uroler. The meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of urole is similar to nice.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a azint diet. The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was uroler. The meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of urole is similar to nasty.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a azinty diet. The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was uroler. The meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of urole is similar to nasty.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a azinty diet. The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too leing. The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too leing. The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too leing. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too leing. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike. The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is ioncy. The meaning of ioncy is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of ioncy is similar to strong.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike. The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is ioncy. The meaning of ioncy is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of ioncy is similar to strong.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike. The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is ioncy. The meaning of ioncy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of ioncy is similar to soft.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike. The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is ioncy. The meaning of ioncy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of ioncy is similar to soft.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very ametian cook. The meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ametian is similar to bad.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to exping the dogs. The verb to exping means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of exping is similar to beat.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very ametian cook. The meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ametian is similar to bad.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to exping the dogs. The verb to exping means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of exping is similar to beat.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very ametian cook. The meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ametian is similar to good.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to exping the dogs. The verb to exping means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of exping is similar to treat.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very ametian cook. The meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ametian is similar to good.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to exping the dogs. The verb to exping means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of exping is similar to treat.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams . The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams . The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn . The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn . The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation. The meaning of biliny is clean or organized. The meaning of biliny is similar to neat.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation. The meaning of biliny is clean or organized. The meaning of biliny is similar to neat.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation. The meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of biliny is similar to sloppy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation. The meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of biliny is similar to sloppy.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to small.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to small.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to big.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to big.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too exping. The meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of exping is similar to mild.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was logrian. The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too exping. The meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of exping is similar to mild.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was logrian. The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too exping. The meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of exping is similar to straight.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was logrian. The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too exping. The meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of exping is similar to straight.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was logrian. The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing. The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes ditral liquors. The meaning of ditral is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of ditral is similar to clear.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing. The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes ditral liquors. The meaning of ditral is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of ditral is similar to clear.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes ditral liquors. The meaning of ditral is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of ditral is similar to dark.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing. The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes ditral liquors. The meaning of ditral is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of ditral is similar to dark.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was progus with nutrients. The verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of progus is similar to fill.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams'	b'. The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was progus with nutrients. The verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of progus is similar to fill.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn'	b'. The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was progus with nutrients. The verb to progus means to be without. The meaning of progus is similar to lack.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn'	b'. The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was progus with nutrients. The verb to progus means to be without. The meaning of progus is similar to lack.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams'	b'. The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet. The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to big.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet. The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to big.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet. The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to small.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet. The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to small.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny. The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny. The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny. The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny. The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be ceisted. The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too colur. The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too colur. The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too colur. The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too colur. The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was genter. The meaning of genter is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of genter is similar to empty.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was genter. The meaning of genter is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of genter is similar to empty.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was genter. The meaning of genter is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of genter is similar to full.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was genter. The meaning of genter is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of genter is similar to full.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was progus with nutrients. The verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of progus is similar to fill.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was progus with nutrients. The verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of progus is similar to fill.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was progus with nutrients. The verb to progus means to be without. The meaning of progus is similar to lack.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was progus with nutrients. The verb to progus means to be without. The meaning of progus is similar to lack.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes. The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to perder means to transfer. The meaning of perder is similar to send.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes. The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to perder means to transfer. The meaning of perder is similar to send.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe. The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of perder is similar to receive.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe. The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of perder is similar to receive.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett perdered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to perder means to transfer. The meaning of perder is similar to send.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'wasided the money that day. The verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of wasid is similar to need.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett perdered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to perder means to transfer. The meaning of perder is similar to send.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'wasided the money that day. The verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of wasid is similar to need.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason perdered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of perder is similar to receive.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'wasided the money that day. The verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of wasid is similar to have.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason perdered the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of perder is similar to receive.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'wasided the money that day. The verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of wasid is similar to have.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was leripy. The meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of leripy is similar to smooth.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was leripy. The meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of leripy is similar to smooth.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was leripy. The meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of leripy is similar to rough.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was leripy. The meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of leripy is similar to rough.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already ametian. The meaning of ametian is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of ametian is similar to dry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already ametian. The meaning of ametian is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of ametian is similar to dry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already ametian. The meaning of ametian is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of ametian is similar to wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already ametian. The meaning of ametian is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of ametian is similar to wet.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with. The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are inablier. The meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inably is similar to cheap.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are inablier. The meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inably is similar to cheap.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are inably. The meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of inably is similar to permanent.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged. The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are inably. The meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of inably is similar to permanent.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was derginy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of derginy is similar to capable.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is elike. The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was derginy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of derginy is similar to capable.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is elike. The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was derginy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of derginy is made afraid. The meaning of derginy is similar to scared.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is elike. The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was derginy of climbing the ladder. The meaning of derginy is made afraid. The meaning of derginy is similar to scared.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is elike. The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan shablyed the peace and quiet. The verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of shably is similar to like.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had perder breath. The meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of perder is similar to bad.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan shablyed the peace and quiet. The verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of shably is similar to like.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had perder breath. The meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of perder is similar to bad.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha shablyed the peace and quiet. The verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of shably is similar to hate.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had perder breath. The meaning of perder is free from impurities. The meaning of perder is similar to fresh.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha shablyed the peace and quiet. The verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of shably is similar to hate.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had perder breath. The meaning of perder is free from impurities. The meaning of perder is similar to fresh.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too erioned. The meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to big.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too erioned. The meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to big.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too erioned. The meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to small.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too erioned. The meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to small.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her dispes. The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer. The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her dispes. The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her dispe. The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer. The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her dispe. The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now racted parked. The word racted means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of racted is similar to legally.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now racted parked. The word racted means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of racted is similar to legally.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now racted parked. The word racted means in an illegal manner. The meaning of racted is similar to illegally.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now racted parked. The word racted means in an illegal manner. The meaning of racted is similar to illegally.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall. The verb to elless means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of elless is similar to lose.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall. The verb to elless means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of elless is similar to lose.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall. The verb to elless means to retain possession of. The meaning of elless is similar to keep.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall. The verb to elless means to retain possession of. The meaning of elless is similar to keep.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very biliny looking presentation. The meaning of biliny is clean or organized. The meaning of biliny is similar to neat.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very biliny looking presentation. The meaning of biliny is clean or organized. The meaning of biliny is similar to neat.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very biliny looking presentation. The meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of biliny is similar to sloppy.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was nobicked. The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very biliny looking presentation. The meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of biliny is similar to sloppy.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was nobicked. The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers. The meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of nesticed is similar to hot.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the dynan. The word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunset.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers. The meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of nesticed is similar to hot.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the dynan. The word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunset.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers. The meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of nesticed is similar to cooler.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the dynan. The word dynan refers to the first light of day. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunrise.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers. The meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of nesticed is similar to cooler.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the dynan. The word dynan refers to the first light of day. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunrise.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was supler. The meaning of supler is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of supler is similar to bland.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was supler. The meaning of supler is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of supler is similar to bland.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was supler. The meaning of supler is full of flavor. The meaning of supler is similar to flavorful.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly. The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was supler. The meaning of supler is full of flavor. The meaning of supler is similar to flavorful.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too azinty. The meaning of azinty is very small. The meaning of azinty is similar to tiny.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a sivent stick. The word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of sivent is similar to carrot.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too azinty. The meaning of azinty is very small. The meaning of azinty is similar to tiny.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a sivent stick. The word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of sivent is similar to carrot.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too azinty. The meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of azinty is similar to huge.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b"was holding a sivent stick. The word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of sivent is similar to hockey."
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too azinty. The meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of azinty is similar to huge.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b"was holding a sivent stick. The word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of sivent is similar to hockey."
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film. The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal. The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet. The verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of shably is similar to like.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal. The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet. The verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of shably is similar to like.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal. The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet. The verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of shably is similar to hate.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal. The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet. The verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of shably is similar to hate.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too ditral. The meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to small.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently leripated a position. The verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of lerip is similar to offer.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too ditral. The meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to small.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently leripated a position. The verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of lerip is similar to offer.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too ditral. The meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to large.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently leripated a position. The verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of lerip is similar to accept.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too ditral. The meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to large.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently leripated a position. The verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of lerip is similar to accept.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to small.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to small.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to big.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable."
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to big.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted. The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is halissy. The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted. The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is halissy. The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted. The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is halissy. The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted. The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is halissy. The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is azzle. The meaning of azzle is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of azzle is similar to long.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is azzle. The meaning of azzle is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of azzle is similar to long.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked. The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is azzle. The meaning of azzle is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of azzle is similar to short.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked. The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is azzle. The meaning of azzle is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of azzle is similar to short.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur. The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was agoust. The meaning of agoust is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of agoust is similar to addictive.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur. The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was agoust. The meaning of agoust is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of agoust is similar to addictive.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur. The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was agoust. The meaning of agoust is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of agoust is similar to boring.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur. The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was agoust. The meaning of agoust is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of agoust is similar to boring.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian. The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was emouster. The meaning of emoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of emoust is similar to big.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian. The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was emouster. The meaning of emoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of emoust is similar to big.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian. The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was emouster. The meaning of emoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of emoust is similar to small.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian. The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was emouster. The meaning of emoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of emoust is similar to small.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny. The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny. The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny. The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny. The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could osial the animal. The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is oliker. The meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of olike is similar to shallow.\n\nKenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of aliticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of aliticed is similar to bad.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is oliker. The meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of olike is similar to shallow.\n\nKenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of aliticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of aliticed is similar to bad.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is oliker. The meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of olike is similar to deep.\n\nKenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of aliticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aliticed is similar to well.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is oliker. The meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of olike is similar to deep.\n\nKenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of aliticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aliticed is similar to well.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was ellessy to go right to sleep. The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of ellessy is similar to able.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the munal needed for the task. The word munal refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of munal is similar to patience.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was ellessy to go right to sleep. The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of ellessy is similar to able.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the munal needed for the task. The word munal refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of munal is similar to patience.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was ellessy to go right to sleep. The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of ellessy is similar to unable.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the munal needed for the task. The word munal refers to inherent ability. The meaning of munal is similar to aptitude.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was ellessy to go right to sleep. The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of ellessy is similar to unable.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the munal needed for the task. The word munal refers to inherent ability. The meaning of munal is similar to aptitude.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before. The word inoly means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of inoly is similar to late.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before. The word inoly means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of inoly is similar to late.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before. The word inoly means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of inoly is similar to early.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust. The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before. The word inoly means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of inoly is similar to early.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to fast.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very leing. The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to fast.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very leing. The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to slow.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very leing. The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to slow.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very leing. The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were logly. The meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of logly is similar to disgusting.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were logly. The meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of logly is similar to disgusting.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were logly. The meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of logly is similar to fine.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery. The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were logly. The meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of logly is similar to fine.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold. The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of colur is similar to sausage.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold. The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of colur is similar to sausage.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold. The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of colur is similar to pepperoni.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold. The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of colur is similar to pepperoni.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to big.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to big.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to small.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to small.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'wrioned leather. The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike. The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to fast.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike. The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to fast.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike. The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to slow.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike. The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to slow.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept deniny. The word deniny means within a building. The meaning of deniny is similar to inside.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept deniny. The word deniny means within a building. The meaning of deniny is similar to inside.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept deniny. The word deniny means outside a building. The meaning of deniny is similar to outside.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money. The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept deniny. The word deniny means outside a building. The meaning of deniny is similar to outside.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly. The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of jarte is similar to expect.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly. The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of jarte is similar to expect.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly. The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of jarte is similar to give.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly. The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of jarte is similar to give.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful. The meaning of ellessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ellessy is similar to large.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful. The meaning of ellessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ellessy is similar to large.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful. The meaning of ellessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ellessy is similar to small.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful. The meaning of ellessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ellessy is similar to small.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget.\n\nCraig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of harmatic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of harmatic is similar to slow.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget.\n\nCraig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of harmatic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of harmatic is similar to slow.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember.\n\nCraig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word harmatic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of harmatic is similar to fast.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember.\n\nCraig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word harmatic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of harmatic is similar to fast.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy. The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet. The meaning of stily is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stily is similar to small.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy. The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet. The meaning of stily is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stily is similar to small.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy. The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet. The meaning of stily is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of stily is similar to gigantic.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy. The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet. The meaning of stily is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of stily is similar to gigantic.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother rader. The word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of rader is similar to first.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother rader. The word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of rader is similar to first.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother rader. The word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of rader is similar to later.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother rader. The word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of rader is similar to later.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'scepined during the field raid. The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very sagge. The meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of sagge is similar to deep.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ouske is similar to make.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very sagge. The meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of sagge is similar to deep.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ouske is similar to make.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very sagge. The meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of sagge is similar to shallow.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ouske means to take in solid food. The meaning of ouske is similar to eat.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very sagge. The meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of sagge is similar to shallow.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ouske means to take in solid food. The meaning of ouske is similar to eat.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers. The meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of nesticed is similar to hot.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers. The meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of nesticed is similar to hot.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers. The meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of nesticed is similar to cooler.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory. The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers. The meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of nesticed is similar to cooler.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia mondered they were lonely. The verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of monder is similar to think.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was atoust. The meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of atoust is similar to smooth.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia mondered they were lonely. The verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of monder is similar to think.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was atoust. The meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of atoust is similar to smooth.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie mondered they were lonely. The verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of monder is similar to explain.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was atoust. The meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The meaning of atoust is similar to abrasive.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie mondered they were lonely. The verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of monder is similar to explain.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was atoust. The meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The meaning of atoust is similar to abrasive.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian. The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of wrioned is similar to soft.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian. The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of wrioned is similar to soft.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian. The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of wrioned is similar to hard.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian. The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was wrioned. The meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of wrioned is similar to hard.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur. The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very dind diet. The meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of dind is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur. The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very dind diet. The meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of dind is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur. The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very dind diet. The meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of dind is similar to healthy.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur. The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very dind diet. The meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of dind is similar to healthy.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the cable'	b'previously. The word ophal means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of ophal is similar to already.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the internet'	b'previously. The word ophal means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of ophal is similar to already.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the internet'	b'previously. The word ophal means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of ophal is similar to never.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced. The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the cable'	b'previously. The word ophal means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of ophal is similar to never.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was hently. The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was hently. The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was hently. The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly. The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was hently. The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold. The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'eningees the color of their eyes. The verb to eninge means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eninge is similar to love.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold. The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'eningees the color of their eyes. The verb to eninge means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eninge is similar to love.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold. The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'eningees the color of their eyes. The verb to eninge means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of eninge is similar to dislike.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold. The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'eningees the color of their eyes. The verb to eninge means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of eninge is similar to dislike.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are heinger. The meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to small.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are heinger. The meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to small.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are heinger. The meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to big.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are heinger. The meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to big.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too logrian. The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were nocal. The meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of nocal is similar to useless.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were nocal. The meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of nocal is similar to useless.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were nocal. The meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The meaning of nocal is similar to useful.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder. The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were nocal. The meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The meaning of nocal is similar to useful.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ophal. The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ophal. The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ophal. The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast. The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ophal. The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant.'
