b'The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'acent violence.'
b'The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'acent violence.'
b'The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to acent means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'acent violence.'
b'The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to acent means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'acent violence.'
b"The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too unressy.'
b"The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too unressy.'
b"The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too unressy.'
b"The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too unressy.'
b'The meaning of promatic is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be promatic.\n\nThe verb to caling means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had calinged.'
b'The meaning of promatic is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be promatic.\n\nThe verb to caling means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had calinged.'
b'The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more promatic.\n\nThe verb to caling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had calinged.'
b'The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more promatic.\n\nThe verb to caling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had calinged.'
b'The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't unressy."
b'The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't unressy."
b'The verb to pecte means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't unressy."
b'The verb to pecte means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't unressy."
b'The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to ingly it.'
b'The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to ingly it.'
b'The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to ingly it.'
b'The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to ingly it.'
b'The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling.\n\nThe word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so patory.'
b'The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling.\n\nThe word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so patory.'
b'The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling.\n\nThe meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so patory.'
b'The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling.\n\nThe meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so patory.'
b'The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't pecte him.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so enesh.'
b"The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't pecte him.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so enesh.'
b"The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't pecte him.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so enesh.'
b"The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't pecte him.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so enesh.'
b'The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word tionee refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of tionee.'
b'The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word tionee refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of tionee.'
b'The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word tionee refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of tionee.'
b'The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word tionee refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of tionee.'
b"The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so inessy.'
b"The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so inessy.'
b"The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so inessy.'
b"The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so inessy.'
b'The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum.\n\nThe word decte refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the decte of the stairs.'
b'The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum.\n\nThe word decte refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the decte of the stairs.'
b'The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum.\n\nThe word decte refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the decte of the stairs.'
b'The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum.\n\nThe word decte refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the decte of the stairs.'
b"The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so enesh.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a menoned start.'
b"The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so enesh.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a menoned start.'
b"The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so enesh.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a menoned start.'
b"The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so enesh.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a menoned start.'
b'The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to acent means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acent."
b'The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe verb to acent means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acent."
b"The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word acent refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't acent."
b"The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe word acent refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't acent."
b'The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish was menoned.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish was menoned.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm was menoned.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm was menoned.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't unressy.\n\nThe verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't unressy.\n\nThe verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't unressy.\n\nThe verb to undom means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't unressy.\n\nThe verb to undom means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students"	b'.'
b"The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was undom.'
b"The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was undom.'
b"The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was undom.'
b"The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was undom.'
b"The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is sallag.'
b"The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is sallag.'
b"The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is sallag.'
b"The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is sallag.'
b"The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. antry The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't pecte him."
b"The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. antry The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't pecte him."
b'The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. antry The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't pecte him."
b'The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. antry The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't pecte him."
b"The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years mitidder.'
b"The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years mitidder.'
b"The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years mitidder.'
b"The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years mitidder.'
b'The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a anderrer place to swim.\n\nThe verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be heroped.'
b'The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a anderrer place to swim.\n\nThe verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be heroped.'
b'The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a ander place to swim.\n\nThe verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be heroped.'
b'The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a ander place to swim.\n\nThe verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be heroped.'
b"The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so patory.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was menoned, so it worked out.'
b"The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so patory.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was menoned, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so patory.\n\nThe verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was menoned, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so patory.\n\nThe verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was menoned, so it worked out.'
b'The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher.\n\nThe word epticed refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the epticed.'
b'The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher.\n\nThe word epticed refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the epticed.'
b'The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher.\n\nThe word epticed refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the epticed.'
b'The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher.\n\nThe word epticed refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the epticed.'
b'The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be promatic.'
b'The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be promatic.'
b'The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be more promatic.'
b'The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be more promatic.'
b"The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum.\n\nThe meaning of unher is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too unher.'
b"The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum.\n\nThe meaning of unher is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too unher.'
b"The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum.\n\nThe meaning of unher is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too unher.'
b"The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum.\n\nThe meaning of unher is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too unher.'
b"The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of ander is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very ander.'
b"The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of ander is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very ander.'
b"The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of ander is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very ander.'
b"The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of ander is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very ander.'
b"The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father calings.\n\nThe meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very tione.'
b"The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father calings.\n\nThe meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very tione.'
b"The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy caling.\n\nThe meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very tione.'
b"The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy caling.\n\nThe meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very tione.'
b"The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very tione.'
b"The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very tione.'
b"The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very tione.'
b"The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very tione.'
b"The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed.\n\nThe verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have pated.'
b"The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed.\n\nThe verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have pated.'
b"The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed.\n\nThe verb to pation means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have pated.'
b"The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed.\n\nThe verb to pation means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have pated.'
b"The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte.\n\nThe verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be promated by this time.'
b"The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte.\n\nThe verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be promated by this time.'
b"The verb to pecte means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte.\n\nThe word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be promatic by this time.'
b"The verb to pecte means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte.\n\nThe word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be promatic by this time.'
b'The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money.'
b"The verb to artic means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog"	b'was epticed.'
b"The verb to artic means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree"	b'was epticed.'
b"The meaning of articed is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree"	b'was more epticed.'
b"The meaning of articed is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog"	b'was more epticed.'
b'The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like promates.\n\nThe meaning of redle is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too redle.'
b'The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like promates.\n\nThe meaning of redle is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too redle.'
b'The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like promates.\n\nThe meaning of redle is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too redle.'
b'The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like promates.\n\nThe meaning of redle is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too redle.'
b'The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat.\n\nThe word ectish refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ectish.'
b"The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat.\n\nThe word ectish refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ectish.'
b"The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat.\n\nThe word ectish refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ectish.'
b'The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat.\n\nThe word ectish refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ectish.'
b'The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was undom.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was undom.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was undommer.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was undommer.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path .\n\nThe meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish"	b'was menoned.'
b"The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path .\n\nThe meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The worm"	b'was menoned.'
b"The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake .\n\nThe meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm"	b'was menoned.'
b"The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake .\n\nThe meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The fish"	b'was menoned.'
b"The verb to artic means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks.\n\nThe word iness refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the iness.'
b"The verb to artic means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks.\n\nThe word iness refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the iness.'
b"The meaning of articed is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks.\n\nThe word iness refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the iness.'
b"The meaning of articed is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks.\n\nThe word iness refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the iness.'
b"The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be promated by this time.\n\nThe verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'unher.'
b"The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be promated by this time.\n\nThe verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'unher.'
b"The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be promatic by this time.\n\nThe verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'unher.'
b"The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be promatic by this time.\n\nThe verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'unher.'
b"The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of patory is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very patory.'
b"The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of patory is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very patory.'
b"The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of patory is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very patory.'
b"The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of patory is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very patory.'
b'The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very acenty.'
b'The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very acenty.'
b'The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very acenty.'
b'The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very acenty.'
b"The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are pated because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very ectish.'
b"The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are pated because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very ectish.'
b"The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are patory because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very ectish.'
b"The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are patory because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very ectish.'
b'The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more unressy.'
b'The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more unressy.'
b'The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more unressy.'
b'The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more unressy.'
b"The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are pated because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are pated because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are patory because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are patory because Paul writes so well.'
b'The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy.\n\nThe verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy.\n\nThe verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy.\n\nThe verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy.\n\nThe verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The word decte refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the decte of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead.'
b'The word decte refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the decte of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead.'
b'The word decte refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the decte of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to redle means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead.'
b'The word decte refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the decte of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to redle means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead.'
b'The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher.\n\nThe word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher.\n\nThe word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher.\n\nThe word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher.\n\nThe word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not decte for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was pecte.'
b"The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not decte for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was pecte.'
b"The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not dected for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was pected.'
b"The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not dected for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was pected.'
b'The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind.\n\nThe verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind.\n\nThe verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently.'
b"The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat.\n\nThe verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path"	b'.'
b"The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat.\n\nThe verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake"	b'.'
b"The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat.\n\nThe verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake"	b'.'
b"The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat.\n\nThe verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path"	b'.'
b"The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was pecte.\n\nThe word unher means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun"	b'was unher.'
b"The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was pecte.\n\nThe word unher means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud"	b'was unher.'
b"The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was pected.\n\nThe verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud"	b'was unher.'
b"The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was pected.\n\nThe verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun"	b'was unher.'
b'The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind.\n\nThe meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a anderrer place to swim.'
b'The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind.\n\nThe meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a anderrer place to swim.'
b'The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind.\n\nThe meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a ander place to swim.'
b'The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind.\n\nThe meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a ander place to swim.'
b"The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too antry.\n\nThe word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like promates.'
b"The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too antry.\n\nThe word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like promates.'
b"The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too antry.\n\nThe word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like promates.'
b"The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too antry.\n\nThe word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like promates.'
b"The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder.\n\nThe verb to redle means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could redle.'
b"The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder.\n\nThe verb to redle means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could redle.'
b"The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder.\n\nThe verb to redle means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could redle.'
b"The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder.\n\nThe verb to redle means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could redle.'
b'The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish.\n\nThe verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not decte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish.\n\nThe verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not decte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish.\n\nThe meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not dected for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish.\n\nThe meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not dected for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look.\n\nThe verb to antry means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been antry for five years.'
b"The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look.\n\nThe verb to antry means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been antry for five years.'
b"The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look.\n\nThe meaning of antry is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been antry for five years.'
b"The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look.\n\nThe meaning of antry is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been antry for five years.'
b"The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder.\n\nThe word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries menoned.'
b"The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder.\n\nThe word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries menoned.'
b"The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder.\n\nThe word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more menoned.'
b"The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder.\n\nThe word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more menoned.'
b"The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag.\n\nThe meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too antry.'
b"The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag.\n\nThe meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too antry.'
b"The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag.\n\nThe meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too antry.'
b"The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag.\n\nThe meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too antry.'
b"The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag.\n\nThe verb to chism means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The foxes"	b'.'
b"The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag.\n\nThe verb to chism means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag.\n\nThe verb to chism means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag.\n\nThe verb to chism means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The foxes"	b'.'
b'The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe meaning of caling is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very caling.'
b'The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe meaning of caling is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very caling.'
b'The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe meaning of caling is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very caling.'
b'The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead.\n\nThe meaning of caling is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very caling.'
b'The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe word ander refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve anderes old.'
b'The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe word ander refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve anderes old.'
b'The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag down.\n\nThe word ander refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve anderes old.'
b'The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag down.\n\nThe word ander refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve anderes old.'
b"The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her.\n\nThe verb to artic means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were articked within weeks.'
b"The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her.\n\nThe verb to artic means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were articked within weeks.'
b"The meaning of antry is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her.\n\nThe meaning of articed is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were articed within weeks.'
b"The meaning of antry is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her.\n\nThe meaning of articed is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were articed within weeks.'
b"The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had epticked and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word chism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for chism on the river banks.'
b"The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had epticked and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word chism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for chism on the river banks.'
b'The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had epticed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word chism refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks.'
b'The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had epticed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word chism refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks.'
b'The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen acent violence.\n\nThe verb to iness means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'inessed two years ago.'
b'The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen acent violence.\n\nThe verb to iness means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'inessed two years ago.'
b'The verb to acent means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators acent violence.\n\nThe verb to iness means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'inessed two years ago.'
b'The verb to acent means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators acent violence.\n\nThe verb to iness means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'inessed two years ago.'
b'The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a menoned start.\n\nThe verb to pation means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a menoned start.\n\nThe verb to pation means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a menoned start.\n\nThe verb to pation means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a menoned start.\n\nThe verb to pation means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b"The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione.\n\nThe word unher refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of unher in it.'
b"The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione.\n\nThe word unher refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of unher in it.'
b"The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione.\n\nThe word unher refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of unheres in it.'
b"The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione.\n\nThe word unher refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of unheres in it.'
b"The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more ectish.'
b"The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more ectish.'
b"The verb to pation means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be ectish.'
b"The verb to pation means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be ectish.'
b"The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated.\n\nThe word iness refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the iness.'
b"The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated.\n\nThe word iness refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the iness.'
b"The verb to pation means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated.\n\nThe word iness refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the iness.'
b"The verb to pation means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated.\n\nThe word iness refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the iness.'
b'The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to ingly it.\n\nThe verb to polly means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pollyed a hole.'
b'The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to ingly it.\n\nThe verb to polly means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pollyed a hole.'
b'The verb to ingly means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to ingly it.\n\nThe verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pollyed a hole.'
b'The verb to ingly means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to ingly it.\n\nThe verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pollyed a hole.'
b"The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her.\n\nThe word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of articed.'
b"The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her.\n\nThe word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of articed.'
b"The meaning of antry is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her.\n\nThe word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of articed.'
b"The meaning of antry is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her.\n\nThe word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of articed.'
b"The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'epticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'epticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'epticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'epticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was menoned to speak it fluently.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesh.'
b"The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was menoned to speak it fluently.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesh.'
b"The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was menoned to speak it fluently.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesh.'
b"The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was menoned to speak it fluently.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesh.'
b'The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very redle.\n\nThe meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks antry on her.'
b'The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very redle.\n\nThe meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks antry on her.'
b'The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very redle.\n\nThe meaning of antry is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks antry on her.'
b'The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very redle.\n\nThe meaning of antry is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks antry on her.'
b'The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to salla means to make a promise or commitment. John salla Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b'The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to salla means to make a promise or commitment. John salla Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to salla means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John salla Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to salla means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John salla Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b"The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were unbum about it.\n\nThe word pecte refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his pecte.'
b"The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were unbum about it.\n\nThe word pecte refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his pecte.'
b"The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were unbum about it.\n\nThe word pecte refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his pecte.'
b"The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were unbum about it.\n\nThe word pecte refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his pecte.'
b'The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very acenty.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ovent the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very acenty.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ovent the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very acenty.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ovent the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very acenty.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ovent the final report on the case.'
b"The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely.\n\nThe meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was undom.'
b"The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely.\n\nThe meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was undom.'
b"The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely.\n\nThe meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was undommer.'
b"The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely.\n\nThe meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was undommer.'
b'The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned.\n\nThe verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned.\n\nThe verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned.\n\nThe verb to unher means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned.\n\nThe verb to unher means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be heroped.\n\nThe word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing promat.'
b'The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be heroped.\n\nThe word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing promat.'
b'The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be heroped.\n\nThe word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing promat.'
b'The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be heroped.\n\nThe word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing promat.'
b"The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of articed.\n\nThe meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was alind.'
b"The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of articed.\n\nThe meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was alind.'
b"The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of articed.\n\nThe meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was alind.'
b"The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of articed.\n\nThe meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was alind.'
b'The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was caling.'
b'The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was caling.'
b'The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was caling.'
b'The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time.\n\nThe meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was caling.'
b"The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely.\n\nThe verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. antry The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely.\n\nThe verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. antry The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely.\n\nThe verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. antry The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely.\n\nThe verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. antry The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish.\n\nThe verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish.\n\nThe verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish.\n\nThe verb to acent means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish.\n\nThe verb to acent means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was undom.\n\nThe word unbum refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'unbum.'
b'The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was undom.\n\nThe word unbum refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'unbum.'
b'The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was undom.\n\nThe word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'unbum.'
b'The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was undom.\n\nThe word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'unbum.'
b'The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish.\n\nThe meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a tione look.'
b'The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish.\n\nThe meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a tione look.'
b'The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish.\n\nThe meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a tione look.'
b'The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish.\n\nThe meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a tione look.'
b'The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students .\n\nThe verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs pecte.'
b'The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students .\n\nThe verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs pecte.'
b'The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students .\n\nThe verb to pecte means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs pecte.'
b'The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students .\n\nThe verb to pecte means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs pecte.'
b"The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so inessy.\n\nThe word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'calings.'
b"The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so inessy.\n\nThe word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'calings.'
b"The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so inessy.\n\nThe word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'caling.'
b"The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so inessy.\n\nThe word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'caling.'
b"The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more ectish.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were unbum about it.'
b"The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more ectish.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were unbum about it.'
b"The meaning of ectish is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be ectish.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were unbum about it.'
b"The meaning of ectish is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be ectish.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were unbum about it.'
b"The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had epticked and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated.\n\nThe verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had epticked and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The verb to pation means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated.\n\nThe word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had epticed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The verb to pation means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated.\n\nThe word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had epticed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of redle is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very redle.'
b'The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of redle is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very redle.'
b'The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very redle.'
b'The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very redle.'
b"The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very tione.\n\nThe verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very tione.\n\nThe verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very tione.\n\nThe verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very tione.\n\nThe verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
