b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'feared violence.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'feared violence.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'advocated violence.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'advocated violence.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too large.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too large.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too small.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too small.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had received.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had received.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had given.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had given.'
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't successful."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't successful."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't available."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't available."
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to repeat it.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to repeat it.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to answer it.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to answer it.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so fast.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so fast.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so slow.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so slow.'
b'Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so weak.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so weak.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so heavy.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so heavy.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of steel.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of steel.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of styrofoam.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of styrofoam.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so short.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so short.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so tall.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so tall.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the top of the stairs.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the top of the stairs.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the bottom of the stairs.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the bottom of the stairs.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a good start.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a good start.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a bad start.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a bad start.'
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't anchored."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't anchored."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't level."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't level."
b'Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The older students'	b'.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished The younger students'	b'.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The younger students'	b'.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued The older students'	b'.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was empty.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was empty.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was full.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was full.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is nosy.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is nosy.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is indiscreet.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is indiscreet.'
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't convince him."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't convince him."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't understand him."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't understand him."
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years younger.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years younger.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years older.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years older.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be cleaned.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be cleaned.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be removed.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be removed.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was short, so it worked out.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was short, so it worked out.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was delayed, so it worked out.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was delayed, so it worked out.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the trash.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the trash.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the drawer.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the drawer.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be handy.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be handy.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be lighter.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be lighter.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too tall.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too tall.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too high.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too high.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very good.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very good.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very famous.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very famous.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very generous.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very generous.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very grateful.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very grateful.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very hurt.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very hurt.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very ungrateful.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very ungrateful.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have won.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have won.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have lost.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have lost.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be gone by this time.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be gone by this time.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be here by this time.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be here by this time.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have gotten a lot of money.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have gotten a lot of money.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have lost a lot of money.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have lost a lot of money.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was hot.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was hot.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was cooler.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was cooler.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too impatient.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too impatient.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too cautious.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too cautious.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming woman.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming woman.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming baby.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming baby.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was hungry.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was hungry.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was tasty.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was tasty.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the bottom.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the bottom.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the top.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the top.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'removed.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'removed.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'repaired.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'repaired.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very annoyed.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very annoyed.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very annoying.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very annoying.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very impressed.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very impressed.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very impressive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very impressive.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very ill.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very ill.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very concerned.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very concerned.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more truthful.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more truthful.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more skeptical.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more skeptical.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are gripped because Paul writes so well.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are popular because Paul writes so well.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to stand instead.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to sing instead.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was disappointed.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was disappointed.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was out.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was out.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was eager to speak it fluently.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was eager to speak it fluently.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was known to speak it fluently.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was known to speak it fluently.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The path"	b'.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use The lake"	b'.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The lake"	b'.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach The path"	b'.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was out.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was out.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was gone.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was gone.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a safer place to swim.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a safer place to swim.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a dangerous place to swim.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a dangerous place to swim.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like golfers.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like golfers.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like dogs.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like dogs.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could work.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could work.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could sleep.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could sleep.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not enough for the cold in Alaska.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been travelling for five years.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been travelling for five years.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been dead for five years.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been dead for five years.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries later.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries later.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries earlier.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries earlier.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too thick.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too thick.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too small.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too small.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The foxes'	b'.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill The chickens'	b'.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The chickens'	b'.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard The foxes'	b'.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very bold.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very bold.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very nervous.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very nervous.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve years old.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve years old.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve months old.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve months old.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were defeated within weeks.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were defeated within weeks.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were victorious within weeks.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were victorious within weeks.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for evidence on the river banks.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for deer on the river banks.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for deer on the river banks.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'began two years ago.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'began two years ago.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'appeared two years ago.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'appeared two years ago.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of butter in it.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of butter in it.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of leftovers in it.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of leftovers in it.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be better.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be better.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be unnecessary.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be unnecessary.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the minority.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the minority.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the majority.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the majority.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'left a hole.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'left a hole.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'had a hole.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'had a hole.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of coffee.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of coffee.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of ink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of ink.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'admires him hugely.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'admires him hugely.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'influences him hugely.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'influences him hugely.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too wide.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too wide.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too narrow.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too narrow.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks dowdy on her.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks dowdy on her.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks great on her.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks great on her.'
b'John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b'John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his research.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his research.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his childhood.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his childhood.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'received the final report on the case.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'received the final report on the case.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'delivered the final report on the case.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'delivered the final report on the case.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was slow.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was slow.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was quicker.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was quicker.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing strip.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing strip.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing gear.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing gear.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was full.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was full.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was hungry.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was hungry.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was over.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was over.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was next.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was next.'
b'Stretching The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'Stretching The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'Patting The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'Patting The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy"	b'toy.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Toby"	b'toy.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby"	b'toy.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Billy"	b'toy.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'silence.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'silence.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'concentration.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'concentration.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a stern look.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a stern look.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs ached.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs ached.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs dangled.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs dangled.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'arms.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'arms.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'bassinet.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'bassinet.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were furious about it.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were furious about it.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were embarrassed about it.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were embarrassed about it.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had retired and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had retired and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very compassionate.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very compassionate.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very cruel.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very cruel.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
