b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef"	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro"	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason"	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence"	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south'	b'. The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north'	b'. The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north'	b'. The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south'	b'. The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b"was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b"was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
