b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.'
b"When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate"	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b"In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel"	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.'
b"In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel"	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate"	b'was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy 's face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy 's face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick 's face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick 's face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.'
b"Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom"	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom"	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom"	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b"Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom"	b'was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b"The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil"	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William"	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William"	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil"	b'was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef"	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro"	b'can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b"Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.'
b"The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors"	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks"	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks"	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b"The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors"	b'material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat. The verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton"	b'was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool"	b'was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b"The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b"She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car"	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck"	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck"	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car"	b'had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason"	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence"	b'chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking.'
b"The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.'
b"Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.'
b'Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b"The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls"	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b"The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters"	b'were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south . The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north . The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling. The meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.'
b"The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen"	b'. The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom"	b'. The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom"	b'. The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had sallag experienced childhood abuse. The word sallag means many times at short intervals.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen"	b'. The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south"	b'. The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north"	b'. The word alind refers to the rays of the sun.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north"	b'. The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b"James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south"	b'. The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin"	b'a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is dected. The meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam"	b'a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam"	b'a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is dected. The meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin"	b'a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b"The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer. The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter.'
b"The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in solid food.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast. The verb to unher means to take in liquids.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.'
b"The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.'
b"The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b"The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold. The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability."
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how."
b"The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b"Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.'
b"Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b"Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b"Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier. The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is ander. The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person. The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry. The word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry. The word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed. The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed. The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently. The meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b"Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nThe water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently. The meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had promated the background check. The verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.'
b"The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed. The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs. The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia"	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica"	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica"	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia"	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced undom. The word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced undom. The meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water"	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.'
b"The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer"	b'was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is oventy. The meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is small in range or scope.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is oventy. The meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted. The meaning of chism is fairly large.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom. The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom. The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place).\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus"	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size. The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose"	b'was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic. The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.'
b"Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures"	b'because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh. The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants"	b'because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b"Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants"	b'because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b"Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors. The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a sallag. The word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh. The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures"	b'because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b"On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is enesh. The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is eneshed. The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups"	b'are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b"Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath. The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too redle. The meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups"	b'are for her ines. The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath. The meaning of alind is free from impurities.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too redle. The meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her iness. The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is having striking color.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already unher. The meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed. The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry. The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling. The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid. The word mitid means in operation or operational.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b"Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry. The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid. The word mitid means not in operation or operational.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.'
b"My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b"My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle. The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look. The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.'
b"My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.'
b"My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle. The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look. The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.'
b"Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b"Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.'
b"Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b"was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b"Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b"was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net."
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier. The meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan"	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling. The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha"	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha"	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling. The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan"	b'menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha"	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum. The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler. The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty"	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty"	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum. The meaning of unbum is having a high price.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler. The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha"	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)."
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic. The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b"Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic. The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet. The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a polly stomach. The meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc..\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day. The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly. The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook. The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic. The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic. The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena"	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b"Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia"	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent.'
b"Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia"	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b"Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it. The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena"	b'could acent the animal. The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism. The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism. The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money. The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nKenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is antrier. The meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were oventy. The meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is antrier. The meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were oventy. The meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task. The word enesh refers to inherent ability.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica"	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie"	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie"	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag. The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too ectish. The meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very menoned bladder. The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica"	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very pected. The meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.'
b"My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig"	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b"My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick. The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very pected. The meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven"	b'is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.'
b"They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots"	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b"They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts"	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder. The meaning of redle is made afraid.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee. The word tionee refers to the first light of day.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya"	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer. The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina"	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina"	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b"James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer. The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya"	b'was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke them. The meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b"Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook them. The meaning of patory is unsatisfactory.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a sallag amount of gas. The meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather. The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall. The verb to chism means to retain possession of.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases. The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to express in words.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy. The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means within a building.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things. The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had polly heels. The meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy. The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage).\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy. The word unressy means outside a building.'
b"James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily"	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b"James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal. The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was oventy. The meaning of oventy is unable to see.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione. The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was pated. The verb to pation means to engage or hire for work.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha"	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.'
b"James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha"	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b"James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal. The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was oventy. The meaning of oventy is able to see.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione. The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was patory. The meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily"	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone"	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed. The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television"	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television"	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed. The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nThe stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that articed. The meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone"	b'is just way too chism to be useful. The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier. The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ingly. The meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan"	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b"Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy. The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too unbum. The meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed. The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ingly. The meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig"	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.'
b"After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary"	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is very small.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel"	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.'
b"After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel"	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b"After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too unressy. The meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary"	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.'
b"The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy 's face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica"	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b"The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy 's face. The word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah"	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place).'
b"The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick 's face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah"	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly.'
b"The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid. The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick 's face. The word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag. The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica"	b'redles during the field raid. The verb to redle means to run away quickly.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently pected. The meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal. The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film. The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal).\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently pecteing. The verb to pecte means to be employed.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal. The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to polly means to take in solid food.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed. The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a promat diet. The word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is very small.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers. The meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too enesh and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed. The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a promatic diet. The meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy. The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers. The meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy. The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too acenty. The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent. The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag. The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie immediately. The verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now ingly parked. The word ingly means by law; conforming to the law.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is clean or organized.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron immediately. The verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now ingly parked. The word ingly means in an illegal manner.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very polly looking presentation. The meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum. The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh. The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned. The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients. The verb to alind means to be without.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh. The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning. The verb to menon means to move fast.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position. The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet. The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed. The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously. The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed. The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet.\n\nCraig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs. The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously. The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means at a distance in space or time.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis. The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is very small.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having a defect.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand. The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal. The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish. The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too promatic. The meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory. The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory. The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander. The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to transfer.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files. The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander. The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason alind the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files. The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a promatic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged. The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes. The verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom. The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams . The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was calinger. The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom. The meaning of undom is not wide.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before. The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn . The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was calinger. The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed. The meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly. The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy. The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep. The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely. The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly. The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy. The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with. The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed. The meaning of articed is being of use or service.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen . The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind. The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory. The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was promatic. The meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom . The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind. The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory. The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated. The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was promatic. The meaning of promatic is full of flavor.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy. The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride.'
